storm hammer mateThat's an incredibly timely 5-man disconnect, though. Allows Empire to calm down and regroup after getting wiped.mufc2016To be fair, that spoiler isn't really close to the end of the series. That's not a big reveal at the end, it's a big reveal before the final arc even starts.No wonder why we seem to have an endless stream of "Switched from LoL" threads on here every single month.

You'd think we had made a subreddit dedicated to this by now.Any info on this dc? Did they say something in the main stream?Did you know that Xiao8's country has the most people in the world?Are there rules around disconnecting mid teamfight??  even though it was an accident it still blows for both teamsLooks like he could use an assistant branch manager.Yet. They're holding off the minus armor strat until TI6 ;)I am connected to steam, I am in the dota menu. I can chat with everybody else online in dota, but I can't play... wth volvo
i swear this was the best patch of all time Yep. Or at least no-one should be caring *that* much about lore. It reminds me of all the losers over on /r/hearthstone who absolutely lost their shit when Blizzard started releasing cards that went against some of the Warcraft lore. Fucking relax and step outside for some fresh air.Then block the pairing for a couple of hours in automatic mode without telling anyone that the system existsi thought it was related but its not seems like every one is having this problem though leaving it for 10 mins fixed it for me
 no i did not reinstall windows to try and fix the bugstorm? lmao disruptor is in the other team, mate!
Most of Pinoy fans would like TNC to qualify(as they have more potential) but the Popular team still qualified. But again when they lose mineski will hated again by fellow filipino's same goes to TNC. That's why you don't want to be a filipino team when you're losing. WutFace #roadtoTI4That hammer + vacuum combo. Nice rosh fight.It is never going to happen, if you want a decent team, make one before you queue up.Give it up to the Indians to make sure to adopt Just Dance as one of their major eSports titles. SeemsGood???I too sexually identify as DotA....did you reinstall Windows to try and fix the bug? or was that unrelated?I just left dota 2 open for like 20 minutes and it started working. I think I have sorted my problem, playing captains mode matchmakes you with better players on average, and I have won like this many times, and I don't feel like I am holding our team behind as well, and there is way better synergy there :)I need slacks to comment on this... kind of lore.DDOS attack to keep DIG in the qualifiers!Reddit pe zyada shana mat ban. Ukraine type bhangi countries kar rahi hai, apne paas 1000 guna zyada paisa hai. Secret turkey me hai, turkey. Thoda dimag laga. Time aata hai to tere type ke log encourage to nahi karte, sale discourage karte hai by typing shit like this. So many useless screenshots from pressing f6 when I'm about to die and want to spent my gold. Tbh just the eyes moving around, without following people, (like the in game model actually) would be fucking creepy.This really pisses me off. Why the fuck cant valve let people know that they are doing maintenance or something.Selling 9 June 12 inner ring ticketstobi might be a little retarded :)Hopefully No Dig will turn into Team Dignitas. >A tournament has to have a combination of good teams and popular teams

Disagree. If you talk about an third-party tournament, you are not wrong. That's actually a viable system for ESL, Epicenter or stuff like that. However, when we talk about the greatest and most valuable tournament in name of Majors and TI. Only the best should be qualified. There is no spot for soft hearts. If there was that mentality everywhere, then the Lakers would have been invited to play-offs, to please viewers and Kobe.

Tldr: your logic applies to everything but Valve tournament.holy shit qojqva tinker. Specifically when you get matched up with a party of 4, those games are by far the worst. The other week I had one and literally everything that went wrong in the game is automatically my fault because I'm not in their party.

Having 4 chucklefucks scream at you over the mic is not fun, and should never happen. The funniest part is, I did the best, highest kills, lowest deaths, highest gpm and xpm, but it was still my fault.CUMBACK?!??!?!hype is realCan't you turn off clicking on the minimap?Everybody else can mute just fine. Valve is doing this to you on purpose, due themSAME HERE, CAN'T CONNECTit is working again AngleThumpVolvo is with DIG. Empire team wiped and disconnected.Vac into storm finally workedtook me a moment to notice the 'lore' textShouldn't their party mmr reflect that though?There are items with lore and items without lore, you don't need to care about lore to realize that this is a flaw.

probably just nothing. probably just routine maintenance.What specific strats were they known for?just like his 2gdretarded post. Everyone will just report players they think are lower skill than them and this would cause imbalance> MoBa

Triggered. It's MOBA.How about no?thats why you are not a game developer.Actually most of SEA players are kind to their team. Especially when you at least listen to them. If you're willing to learn and you're showing it, they're very willing to give you advises.that's what I'm wondering hahaYou are super farmed for a Drow 4 minutes insameand just buying that TP (even on accidents) make you better than 90% of the players I get on my teamI really hope we get Solo Q at some point. Never going to happen.Guys can anyone tell when it is the best timing to play in SEA plz?Its sad that he got nerfed further this patchThey just don't have a drafter - they had a few good strats and nothing else The issue is how do you 'detect' that. 

This was clearly not a pattern of feeding behavior on the player as you see from the last few games the player was not feeding and actually playing the game. To do it in game in real time would open up a whole slew of problems.

However, because of how the gold system for kills work feeders give less and less gold over time if they keep doing this and eventually becomes 'low impact'. Heck you even was able to have the lead in XP despite the luna and such.

Not saying that it is fair by any means, but the with how the game is it is hard to solve it in real time mid game if it is a person doing it once in a blue moon.Hi, I understand you might be brain damaged. Let me try to explain something to you. There are two different mute options. One for voice and one for text. The text option isn't showing up during games, only after, which doesn't fucking help one bit.

You also sound pretty LOW ENERGY, you should work on that.no one reads nutrition informationLol they banned you because you called their community small?So.....like most other qualifier teams?0 minute and no rapira  FailFish

Edit: I'm wrong, it's Faerie Fire 

r/dotamasterrace This exactly.1 minute skadi boots and deso OSfrogI can play with female kidstook alot of time now it connected strange bugMan I just finished a game, and the only option is to reconnect and abandon. I tried restarting the game and it's still showing the same options. Worried that the win wouldn't count if I click on abandon, nor leave it as it is. NotLikeThis.Hey, you okay?just try to think rationally for a while, keeping aside your marginally fanatic nationalistic sentiments. The development of the Indian scene is good for the whole subcontinent. 
                                                          There have been many instances where pakistani artists found considerable appreciation and employment opportunities in India and i am sure the same can be said for pakistani esport players too. Considering the Indian dota scene grows and everyone around benefits from it, i fail to see where your animosity comes from.lolHalloween comes earlier than expected :OI really think a good fix for this is just to have an option to buy back items that are sold within a small window.If remotes get an amp then Death Ward gets an amp tooi usually root for DiG but man empire got me hooked with that riki pickLo molesto es usted? jajajaYou are already dead if you are in LPQ. There is no need to beat the dead horse. same heresame. made the mistake of unmuting him last game went instantly back to being mutedTI 6 Compendium ^Kappa> Oh please, you even downvoted the AW Item combination thread,

No I didn't. I didn't have any reason to do so. You are just a butthurt piece of shit because you are not getting the attention you desperately want.The roaming support trinity of OoV wind lace and blightstone Kreygasm 9/12 of the invited teams were ones who didn't get an invite to the Frankfurt Major. Doesn't seem to me like there is some big barrier for breaking through. 2 of the 3 teams who have held their invite status are EG and Secret, who were in the top3 in both majors. And the last one is LGD who even lost their invite status for Shanghai in between.He'll be casting the last NA games, so in ~3 hours.

He said yesterday EGM may not be available and Arteezy late since he's flying to Epicenter iirc.Hey....what's so funny about potatoes, hmm?I always thought the custom cursors were the broken onesI've noticed similar problems when I'm trying to mute the text chat. The cursor needs to be slightly below the actual button to mute text chat onlybut it works fine for voice chat.Yes it's not GPM as in the way dota 2 counts it. But 4100 gold in 73 minute is literally 56 gold per minute.      
Maybe it's worth mentioning it but we both understood his point I'm sure.PLANT BRANCH

BUY REAVER

EZ GAMEI don't think you understand how much longer the queues would take for ranked 2-stacks, it would double the time at least. However I agree that solo queue players should be accounted for so I have always felt that there could be a solo queue however it could have dual stacks provided that they are near to one another in solo mmr say ~500 difference max.Props to them.game is basically -em already after all the changes over the past 2 years.
WutFaceWhat the fuck are you even crying about? Mute button is on the scoreboard, where it always has been. If your shitty ass keeps falling from 2k climb back to 1k, dont come here with your shitty frustrated attitude. Find out why you suck and go on from there.

Also, google "How to mute in dota2" you spastic fuck.[Were you high on something? You seemed to pulled a Jeff Hardy](https://youtu.be/OiA65OUNpIM?t=7m30s)In what way do they enslave PH e-Sports? Since WC3 DotA, Mineski has been helping the PH DotA scene grow by organizing MPGL monthly. It is still a good league, it helped developed Filipino Dota2 players into what they are now. Do you honestly think teams such as TnC, Execration, Acion Arena, etc. would be known today if it weren't for the MPGL tournaments? No, not at all. No offense but most PH teams would be probably stucked at small-time gambling Dota2 games if it weren't for MPGL. 



Also, Kuku signed a contract - he's a professional, he's supposed to honor it. 



I'm not a part of Mineski org but to discredit and vilify them is just plain wrong.



Edit: wordCensorship is the **suppression of speech**, public communication or other information which may be considered **objectionable**, **harmful**, **sensitive**, politically incorrect or inconvenient

I said **stop trying**, **not that he is**. Nothing I said was wrong. Everyone's just scared of being antagonized like I was. I However, don't give a damn.

People need to stop being so easily offended by words.and like I said, there's nothing wrong with that.

do you really expect them to be honest about it or explain what they do?

when the us goes to iraq, do you REALLY expect them to say they went their for oil? no, that's not how things work, you find excuses, and there's nothing wrong with that. i don't see any problemBUT AXE HAS A SPELL THAT MAKES HIM HIT YOU! ITS IMBA OKAY they rejected BH from the fish club a long time ago thoughyes, they did pretty well but I was expecting more... I thought their team fight was very strong at that time and thought was like top8 material...

And they had somewhat bad luck with brackets etc...Sorry if I sound rude, but I'm sad to say that your question is one of redundancy, as you are asking if a community, of many people, is one thing. The dota/dota reddit community is full of people from many walks in life, I was surprised just the other day when I saw a guy talking about how he and his son have bonded over playing Dota 2, which kind of opened my gaze a little bit to how truly far this game has reached.


Remember, there are many people, and just like in the real world, this place has people whom will be rash, hurtful, rude and unhelpful to the fullest extent, but there will always be more people, other people, maybe even the same people, who can be contemplative, kind, encouraging and helpful. Asking a question like this is will never yield accurate answers, on the internet especially, because people will obviously try to sabotage it, because why not? Its the internet.


I can tell you in certainty this game is very welcoming to new players with questions about the games mechanics, heroes and finding guides, also for writing comparisons for people coming from one game to another. But people love stating their opinion, and there will always be someone who disagrees, often harshly, even irrationally, because thats the potential of a human, to be everything and anything on the spectrum. So wash away your expectations of perfection, they will only lead you to betrayal and distrust, rather take things as they are, and give things that seem more trouble than they are worth a wide berth, and take them with a grain of salt.


TL;DR: The answer is the community is not closed-minded, its human.i played a lot of tinker, my suggestion is to get lvl 1 laser and use it when your first meele creep of the first wave is about to die, first hit your creep then laser your enemy and then deny and trade some right click with him,, he will get disarmed and he will get back coz he cant trade back. YOU MUST PUT A LOT OF ATTENTION in the first wave,, that's where the mid lane gets 30% decided i guess.
When the timer will be 1.40 you should have a march and push the lane to get the rune. RUNE CONTROL IS VERY IMPORTANT IN ORDER TO ZONING OUT THE MID LANER.
it's pretty hard to lane against a Decent TA or QoP but you will crash other midders if you focus on the hit your own creep+Laser+Deny+trade hitsPlay Doom, get Aghs, watch FailFish.I hope fucking in the spring gives battle-pass.> If you were in front of me right know i would rip your fucking head of.

Damn dude, you sure showed him with your internet keyboard warrior skills.Nope, doesn't work for me eitherKaka is actually really fucking good, he was amazing with Ehome but I feel like he was just overshadowed by Lanm a lot. Glad to see he's been successful with Newbee. Really solid player.JesusStick, your argument is invalid.This really needs to be addressed. I missed a very close kill(one hit left) on a hero because he was bunched up with a few creeps and I clearly clicked on the hero to attack it and only ended up hitting a creep and it basically lost me the match(1v1 practice)  yeah lolreal talk hereYEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSGot trained to flame KappaI'd rather use bans on Axe, Invoker, Slark, or other heroes that don't have very good counters and are hard to deal with.Just like his faceLiterally unplayableis that kpii screaming nice in English? or do they generally yell that word me too! that damn match after TI5Every time I pick CM and enemy picks BH I want to quit this gaemValve have handed out VAC's in dota 2 before, they just haven't publicly announced it.oh yeah? it only shows up after the game is over. not during game. clearly my fault. my fault the US servers are clogged up with fucken beaners too?He's bitched about Team Secret & called them pussies regardless of not knowing the situation regarding w33 and Misery kick

He's insulted xiao8 saying that the guy comes and goes whenever and isn't willing to work hard (pre TI5) - the same event xiao8's team placed 3. And newbee and the entire Chinese dota saying they are lazy.

Just because you don't see it does not mean it isn't there. no, people just started watching their games.xaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxaxa

"P pls, I need to turn names off"More like ITT: the 29 players in the entire world that care about lore gather to complain about a useless featureSynderWIN,brown boots 70 minMe, fuck volvoBut the enemy team was afraid of the blackhole being off cooldown all the time, it's actually a sick 11k MMR strategy.Why can't they just base the MMR on solo instead of party when putting people into teams. Sometimes I've come across guys with 5k solo and 2k party MMR. I hope the spring battle-pass adds fucking.Arteezy reporting someone Vod plsTop 8 shanghai, 2 LAN wins in 2016. You got some fucked up definition of t4
And no, im not an Alliance fan, theyre unbearable thoughAccording to their couch Sansheng. In the early game, Chuan and Kaka make the call since they are the support. When the game approach mid-game, where their midlaner, Mu start to move around the map, Mu will start calling instead. Lore is a waste of time that takes time away from game development. In an ideal world, lore doesn't exist.I always check reddit before I check steamstatus because steamstatus doesn't update as fastOh please, you even downvoted the AW Item combination thread, even though that was a brand new Bug, it affected game play (re-enabled the Rapier shit) and you still downvoted it, because "I am the Warden guy".

How about you go fuck yourself. I can post whatever I want and you're still going to downvote it, regardless of how relevant & how "new" it is.Maybe before making fun of league players you should learn how to use a dictionary. When a solo player is toxic there are 4 other players who are likely to report them. When a player in a stack is toxic there is the rest of the stack there to embolden them, or join in.> When people try to argue that we have a great community, threads like this one just keep coming and getting upvotes.  
> Why can't you ignore things and stop being an asshole?  
> we did it reddit, we told valve to get rid of stacks in soloQ, elegiggle 4head lul we are so fucking funny

[behelits](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/berserk/images/8/8d/Crimson_Behelit.png/revision/latest?cb=20130604140316)I don't why more people aren't complaining about this. Why should a team that was knocked into the lower bracket earlier get to play possibly an entire series less than the upper bracket team. It's ridiculous. GG Dig, it was a good run.My ears...I ship Hao & Mu. One the best dota bromances.especially for pro players who abused the bugs? im sure there'll be an impact. what do you think the 'VAC banned'' status is shown on steam accounts for? its for the public to know dude. Imagine if arteezy was a exploiter and got vac banned and was publicly shamed. of course there would be an impact. That's pretty jaded. Valve completely banned Arrow and E.Wolves from attending their tournaments. The integrity of the sport is essential for its longevity, and corruption scandals are still relatively new, Valve and other e-sport organisations still have to find a position on this. Whether you want to care about it or not is of course your perogative, but I think it's a bit weird to tell other people not to worry about it. You should be glad to see that people at least care.yapzor has a big hero pool, khezu is the one with a small hero pool 11K redditors be like "SKILL CAP "I hope they are adding fucking spring battle-pass.
You're not wrong...

But when I put 99% of my cursor on the item, and 1% of it on that item's border - I don't expect it to select the item adjacent to it.

If you put your dick in a girl, but miss slightly, and it bumps against her upper-inner thigh, you would be upset if that caused your dick to be inside a man. (Assuming you're a straight male, of course.)Well yeah, i do believe there are a lot of more important problems as well, but here we're just addressing a problem, not saying it should be fixed immediately or before other important problems...It's ok. With such amount of time that you bought, they will obviously 6 slotted.Well vg. r and wing did.OK, but I, unfortunately, wasnt here when it happen THAT is why I am askingTeams started to watch replays of Dig and now beat them, WOWAssociation football has much, much more cringey and shitty casters and analysts, yet roughly 600 *million* people have watched the last world cup final, some of them paying thousands and thousands of dollars for the shittier seats of the venue.

Do you see the contrast? Hype and sometimes cringey casters are not a barrier for the growth of Dota2, or LoL or any other big multiplayer game.

I mean, even in tennis, which is one of the most traditional and upscale and "not-for-peasants" kind of sport, you occasionally hear stuff in the same vein...Game coordinator was down. Seems to be working now.   


Edit- Not entirely fixed. "Cannot queue for matchmaking at this time".   

Edit 2- Might just have been EU servers. But matchmaking is now working for me. GL. *As before, how was I biased and closed minded? And what about what I said was a superiority complex?*








That part about 'me trying to twist the discussion' is invalid and you know it.



My first post was addressing your previous posts and I left a few little things there that might get your attention(and it did). In my second post I mainly focused on giving you the answer of your last question. And now you're accusing me of breaking you down, part by part. While it was you who wanted the explanation. Instead of proving my points wrong, you simply made a vague statement trying to pose as a victim. Now that I've said that much, let's move on to the main thing here.

















Now comes the best part. The part where we put out things bluntly instead of acting like a discount Petyr Baelish.















Most of the new dota2 community is made up of people who likes to get on the lol-hating bandwagon without even knowing what went down way back while people still played DotA. However. There are a few people in here who actually know what happened. The problem is, it's hard to find out who's what and people(generally, newcomers like you) generalize and do not even try to hear them out because you think they are just elitists. If you ever cared enough to rummage through the gibberish, you'd find some people, who are still sour about what pendragon did. People, who now have children, a job, a stable family, but are still infuriated when they come online and see people discuss about matters they don't know anything about.(No, I'm not 40/30+ years old.)











Was I present in DotA? Yes. I didn't play DotA for that long, but I still lurked in the forums from time to time. I won't claim that I remember every single thing about those times, because frankly, I don't. But, from what I do remember, some people, including pendragon, stole ideas from the DotA community. Ideas they later, literally, 'sold' to other companies. But that's not the only thing that pissed people off. The most infuriating thing that pendragon did was that he wanted to wipe off every single evidence regarding the community that made what DotA was. He, deliberately, tried to cripple the DotA community and this was a huge middle finger to people like Eul and Icefrog. To top things off, money was involved in the matter, and a lot of other shit as well.














I'm not the best person to talk about these things. But atleast I'm not rushing my judgements. You want evidence, but statements from DotA players, people who were a part of the community back then isn't enough for you. If you actually scoured through the link that the other guy in your other post posted :








https://www.reddit.com/r/DOTA/comments/12zjm6/access_to_the_old_dotaallstarscom_to_be_restored/c70dlon









Maybe you'd understand the situation a bit more.




This whole thing about 'reading pendragon's letters' and 'not counting anything that DotA vets say' makes people think that you're biased.








If you want more concrete evidence, ask Icefrog directly. Because, it seems that, to you, the only words that'd matter would have to directly come out of the mouth of Icefrog.




Edit : I went through that post of yours but didn't find any fucking People attacking you. So why the fuck is there a question of 'close-mindedness' ? Are we both not talking about this fucking post :




 https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4i4rd9/seriously_this_is_still_confusing_please_dont/







What am I missing?was thinking the same. I remember just waking up, thinking "huh, maybe Na'Vi is playing today", going into dota2lounge and there it was, their 15th series of the day or soCheck https://steamstat.us/ for info.

There is really no need to give mods more work.I have no clue, but somehow he became better than in 6.86. I think it's the cheap items, plus slightly longer fights which means easy tracks.They were not invited to TI4 quals. Only TI5.And? It's a pretty small room, seen better hotel roomsNot multiple times an hour. Thanks for confirming what i'm saying.Censorship is the **suppression of speech**, **public communication** or other information which may be considered **objectionable**, **harmful**, **sensitive**, politically incorrect or inconvenient

**I said stop trying, not that he is**. Nothing I said was wrong. Everyone's just scared of being antagonized like I was. I However, don't give a damn. I am, friend was now he's fine no diea whyAND PEOPLE ARE WONDERING , WHY IS DONALD TRUMP LEADING? WELL I GOT YOUR ANSWER HERE. HALF OF THEM CANT EVEN TYPE A SENTENCE IN ENGLISHI'm diamond in league and i agree dota is alot harder, mainly the micro management of more than one unit (if you havent played warcraft or starcraft before)its a featureI second this. Just make sure to land AA's ult on him and it will be a easy kill. In any case, yes, it is phase 1 ban worthy.just hang in there

i experienced that just 10 mins before, and it just fix itself after 5 minsI had a party, we all had the same issue but seems to be working nowNICE ! We can finally get ready and go to Zhou's wedding without being late. Git gud mate> You were bad at math and physics

Made my day. Thanks.Ok sorry for the short reply i was trying to confirm if you were trolling or something. After watching the whole video here are my opionions:
This are like universal:

1)Better mics the sound quality is awful and most people would be off put by it.

2) go with the default announcers, although awesome the constant noise of rick and morty is weird because some lines are way tooo long.

This are like more me:

relax with the insults, at least at the start, ease us into it. you guys go way too fast into weird territory with jewstorm and n****. Try to give more context before plays most of the stuff happens way to fast and without context so i have no idea where are we or why.  Try not using full images that cover all the screen go for only TB face when you say godlike ditch the bacround. Also if you are going for a full image dont leave the tiny bits on the borders they are kind of offputing, go full screen or not. Slow down, secially sf and his complete miss on the razes it wennt by too fast.

I do like the guy on the backround singing and saying stupid shit. He was calm and funny. I also like that you capture that moment all DOTA players can relate to the "WHY THE FUCK AM I PLAYING THIS". 

Idk if this was the kind of imput you wanted but let me know.

yup same it went for my friend but im not outjust because tier 2 teams have played well against other tier 2 teams doesn't mean they're now going to dumpster tier 1 teams ffsSame hereOh boy. That's why it took you a whole 3 min to answer this I guess. You should try to get off reddit mate.I once dropped a heart instead of some random ~200 gold item for aegis. Never found my heart again figuratively and literally :(.>Excuse me? I'm pretty sure mid or feed is a thing in dota 2, especially in stacks where they "have a plan" and want specific roles to lane together or something, and since they don't care about their party mmr, they won't change their plans and adapt, this is typical during drafting phase with stacks.

Dynamic queue forces you to prepick your role. Dota doesn't. It is irrelevant.

>It's really not about the norm. If your view of the game is just having fun with friends (and it probably is the norm i don't know, and don't really care either), then the whole discussion is irrelevant because you can do it in unranked as well and it won't be a problem for you.

Like every other human being, I have more fun when I get visual representation of my performance over time.

>Here it's about making the game interesting and competitive for people that search MORE than just having fun with friends and want balanced quality games to IMPROVE, because i don't know if you noticed, but dota isn't exactly mario party, it's a competitive game with lots of passion involved, with a lot of tournaments and a lot of people living off the game.

No, here it's about making the game "more interesting" for some people. Not everyone plays solo and not everyone who plays solo has a problem with stacks. Removing stacks Doesn't make the game any less competitive or fun. Removing retards and griefers does that, but, yet again, irrelevant. A pure solo queue would still include both those types.

>and that's why it matters for pro players

It doesn't really, only a handful of pro players bother with it.

>That's why there is a difference of incentive between solo queue and party queue in the current system, and that's why it needs to stay this way if you want ANY mmr to have a meaning.

Boosting aside, this argument is invalid. And I have already elaborated on boosting. Personal skill is personal skill regardless of stack status. And it is within everyone's ability to communicate with the team regardless of stack status. Solo queuers don't communicate either. Enforcing solo queue won't "fix" player's communications skill, no matter how much you want it to.

>Boosting is already a problem, but it's currently not allowed, even if tolerated. It's also a minority and requires people to play on accounts that aren't theirs. Making solo mmr abusable by anyone while playing on their account and while being in their own right is definitely making it a MUCH BIGGER problem.
Currently boosters can at least get spotted and called out and reported and everyone know for a fact they did something that isn't allowed to get more mmr. If you make solo mmr abusable though, abusing the system becomes the way to increase mmr and the whole matchmaking becomes a complete imbalanced clusterfuck.

Why would you say it's a minority? People who want to get boosted will get boosted, one way or the other. 

Yes, making it easier will increase the magnitude of the problem, but solutions for that are easier that solutions for high queue times. 

>???? Obviously people complain about that, the fact that people don't care about party mmr directly comes from the MAIN problem that is that party mmr is biased and ruins the matchmaking balance. If we didn't have ridiculous mmr discrepancy between players and super underrated/overrated players with 500-1000+ more or less mmr in party than solo, then people would care about party mmr because it wouldn't be a meaningless number as it is right now.

Not a single comment in this thread mentions that. People mention mmr difference within a stack which is a legit concern. 2k is too big a difference, especially for higher mmr brackets. But this can be solved without implementing a pure solo queue.

You have valid concerns, and my suggestion is not flawless, otherwise it would already be in the game. What you and many others don't seem to understand is how bad long queue times are for the game. You really need to wrap your head around that and start suggesting other ways. Long queue times are a big dealbreaker for Dota2, you have to understand and accept that.

And just because you or the OP doesn't mind about them, it doesn't mean that everyone else doesn't care either. 
I think nodiggity is Kalmar Unionen done right, the dane supporting the swedeYou're right, people talking about the improvements to the game that matter to them is fucking cancerous, nothing could be worse. You'd think that the biggest problem is drama or maybe /u/leafeator but no, it's clearly people who give a shit that are the problem.Went against TB lich as solo AM. Shouldn't have leveled mana burn. it's no just that, party and solo mmr is not the same thing which usually make games unfair. Let's say you play solo on 4k mmr with duo stack, your stack have 4,5k(6k solo) and 3,5k party mmr, enemy has 4,5k(4k solo) and 3,5kI've seen players with 1k higher party than solo, have you heard the term "anecdotal"?how is 6.87 bh strong?[Judging from this](https://twitter.com/FollowAkke/status/727503319996964865/photo/1?utm_source=fb&utm_medium=fb&utm_campaign=FollowAkke&utm_content=727503319996964865), he doesn't just shrug off the 5k games like 7k+ cores would.then it will happen, if it is announced day 1I'D RATHER BE IN LOW PRI THAN TO PLAY THAT GAME WERE I HAD NO FARM, NO FUN AND WAS TRYING TO REASON WITH THIS CREATUREDid i [trigger](http://i.imgur.com/XXpWTxp.png) you mate ? It was brought up multiple times a weekDevil's Advocate: People should just stop complaining and expecting Valve to fix their problems for them and just fucking deal with it.No one pays the players. Stop bullshitting.Yeah, as I said, it's great. They have the same cast range of 1200.
Depends on the game I guess.

The build I mentioned in OP is actually for yolo blinking in with Shiva's and immediately Stomping, followed by ult.It genuinely is so it's ok. Go play in 3k6 and come back to tell me if this shits even ressemble real dota.
Well you are so self entitled that you can't or don't even read what i present to you. I'll try again:

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2449454/More-men-raped-US-women-including-prison-sexual-abuse.html

The stuff you are trying to force down my throat is "non military, non prisoned" So basically leaving out a huge chunk of rape crime, beacuse... well beacuse feminazie shit. 

AND STILL YOU DID NOT BACK UP YOUR CLAIM:

> He is probably refering to multiple recent studies that showed that A LOT (I mean A LOT like more than 50% of western population) think that if the victim was wearing sexy clothes, raping her is less wrong.

You are derailing the conversation intentionally. I called you out on this. I was right. Bullshit pulled out from your ass.

Now you try to decive me with other shit. Again: called the bullshit. Prooven the bullshit.

And i don't even mention that many thing that you were wrong about, and i pointed out. You just avoid thoose things, and try to attack what you think you can. But actually princess you have literally nothing. I am well informed, and if not, i spend my time to look up real facts. And telling you: what you find in stupid feminazie sites /blogs... thoose are not facts. Thoose are delusional, man-hating, ugly, fat feminazies who made thoose, beacuse their life is miserable.

The funny thing is that there are real people who listen to their big pile of turd. I wonder if Chuan loses his "la" while living in Mainland China

For context, NICE LA! is what manglish/singlish dialect thingy we do when ending your speech> because you just downvote everything I post anyways,

Oh it's because I'm downvoting. Yeah as if you wouldn't delete these if I wasn't downvoting.

Thread is at 25% upvoted. That is more than one downvote.Pun?> Team Secret could lose to some no name team

That's entirely on Secret being trash roflYou should be focused on winning mid (mostly) unless you're more of a level dependent hero. You should trust your teammates to call missing so you can play safe and not get ganked. Then when you have an item or two/levels you go gank. At least to me that is e job of a good kid player.The title of your submission appears to contain only non-standard characters or is entirely in upper case. Please resubmit with a title with lower case letters.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/DotA2) if you have any questions or concerns.*There is difference between an opinion and a fact, we all saw this, we don't THINK/BELIEVE he did that, we know. ofcoz VOLVO is never WRONG, that is their business so they can do whatever they think the best for them, its just bad for dota 2, specially when they state they do it to get best teams not most popular teams to main event that is WRONG. If they want best teams get more qualifer slots, best team will qualify and no argument, qualifier teams already prove to VOLVO that they will perform better than most direct invites: MVP, CDEC(Ti5), OG(Frankfurt), MVP,Fnatic,Complex,Liquid(Shanghai)...

Vovlo wants popular teams like navi, A coz its better for their business but saying that increasing 12 direct slots is the best way to get best teams is not true, decrease direct invites to clearly teams (only 4 or 6) and get more qualifier slots is the best way to get best teamsseriously, did you even do the research properly?180. a 360 would put you in the same directionTfw your carry wants you to stock ancients, gang mid, have "clash" and put blue wards> especially if you delete spam the same thread 3 times in under 2 hours.

I gave you a reason for this, and the reason is you. - Thread is at 0, 1 comment, yours.

Of course I delete & repost it in that case, because you just downvote everything I post anyways, in the hope of "maybe this asshole wont see it this time, and people have an actual chance to read it".

Regardless of that, if Valve refuses to add shit, unless they are on the front page of Reddit, then I will of course repost the same shit twice a week, because I want them to add this.

This shit is ONE fucking Line in a TXT file, it is literally no work at all to add this.>  here no sup no ward no courier  

Buy it for yourself.  
> if you play support they will command u to buy wards and some shits  

If you pick supp - be one without anyone telling what to do.  
> If they die they will blame you like fking noob as trash  

Looks like you are some toxic bastard who do exacly the shit he complans about.  
Get your shit together, buy some Detoxin for yourself and play like it's a bot match. The other important factor of engaging at a sharp angle is the subtle influence of turn rates. Your initiators will be able to use their skills with almost no delay (before accounting for cast points) while your targets have to turn to face you before they can unload their disables, especially for ranged heroes who typically have poor turn rates.Roflmao, All pick bans was never anywhere NEAR this frequency of bitching. And was actually a good idea. I knew what he meant, it's just like an oracle ult, for everyone inside the chronosphere

I mean half the reason why void is good is because he can set up for his team. I mean without that, he's basically worthless/r/dota2bitching/RedundantLord420Probably hoping to see something like [this](https://youtu.be/v_sj8zRpwKM?t=9m2s) again.Templar Assassin and Weaver are secret fishes.When, someone in your team calls for it. Its better to listen to one person then that everyone does his own thing and the team doesnt work together. A smoke, done quickly, is almost never a bad thing to do. Even if its just to place wards and push the enemy back (get map control farm enemy junlge)Not with the exception of Phoenix egg. It just sits there, burning void. At least bulldog will have privacy will s4 now BibleThump> Well this is the problem actually. You lie. Just like every time you don't look on real statistics. You just dead gave away that you lie. From that video you can't even find any source related that. What a moron! :D

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rape_statistics#United_States

And this youtube compilation was fun man... There are really dumb people in any movement really... Try do the same compilation with quotes from Simon de beauvoir or Simone veil. It's harder right ?

Stop making stupid generalization.

> If you can't find data in english you can be pretty sure that it's non existent.

Wow, just wow. I guess you know english is not the first language in this world right ? And reading stats after google translate is not that hard...

here it is for you :

1 in 3 women has been the victim of at least one sexual assault since the age of 16.
1 in 6 men will be sexually assaulted in her life.
2/3 of the victims are aged under 18 .
82% of sexual assault victims are women.
Over 75 % of young Aboriginal girls under 18 were victims of sexual assault.
40% of women with physical disabilities will live at least one sexual assault in their lifetime.
1 in 7 women is sexually assaulted at least once by their spouse .
Nearly 8 out of 10 victims know their attacker .
7 out of 10 victims were sexually assaulted in a private residence .
Nearly 90 % of sexual assaults are not reported to the police.

This is PURE garbage. I can't understand it AT ALL.Read the comment you are replying to.Should have been invited in the first place.? It affects the gaming experience in both cases, more or less, but it's not the point, point is that the number of people affected isn't a relevant argument, that's precisely why i give you an example of a feature that GREATLY affects the gaming experience of a minority of players, so that you understand that even if it only affects a minority, it doesn't mean it's not worth it.
It's the whole point of an analogy to emphasize and illustrate one point by giving a DIFFERENT example FailFish. 

I'm sure more people care at least a little bit about the lore and having a clean consistent game than colorblind people, but i won't make up bullshit % to prove my point.

Main thing is that it really doesn't take much work to polish the lore, compared to the gaming experience improvement, and the fact that a minority of players care about the lore or not is absolutely irrelevant.NICE LAnot enough time to play quals probably, since there is epicenter coming in couple daysWhat is your problem?Lol, how does the conversation go?

"WILL YOU BLOODY BUY YOUR ITEMS ALREADY"

Oh actually I realized it might just be pings. A series of furious pings in your general direction.HoN had keybinds for dropping/selling items. I found myself jonesing  for them pretty hard when DotA 2 first came out. He's not worth a first ban. As long as your team has good lockdown or an AA he will get countered.thanks for the news update
Probably. And while I do notice that a lot of parties don't take the game seriously because "party mmr who caresXD" but that is hard to measure. However the spread between party members is something that simply fucks up solo ranked. That is something you can measure and simple logic should be enough there. Don't allow them in solo ranked or set a max difference of 200 to be allowed in the solo ranked pool. >am sand

FtfyI'm not downvoting these because you are you. I'm downvoting because I'm so sick of seeing the same threads like 5 times a week posted, especially if you delete spam the same thread 3 times in under 2 hours.is there a remake? trackdota showing drafting phase?
50% :SBetter make it PvE, or people will have something to complain about some perceived unfair advantage their opponent hasDon't need to compare a cis invite with a CN invite. You gank him and he is 0/5 at minute 10. He returns with Radiance and Armlet at min 20.Because there are no consequences for this. Solo did 322 thing and got unbanned in 6 or 12 months. Also attended multiple tournaments (including Valve-organized ones) thereafter. And everyone seems to be fine with this, nothing more than just a meme and constant joke for twitch chat.

Meanwhile most, if not all, rising young stars in CIS used to be involved with boosting/crashing. And that doesn't prevent teams from signing them. So again, just some extra jokes for fellow dota 2 fans and followers.

Honestly, I would like Dota community or tournaments' orgs to reject or at least punish pro players or their teams for shit like this but it will never happen. Money matters more than ethics.i think people dont realize this cause they dont care.Can we just have one mmr rating instead of party and solo? It'll make everyone focus super hard on every game and it won't inflate one over the other.  looks normal to me

maybe because i'm richIt's by design, in my opinion. Icefrog wants Dota this way. Any team can beat any team. It's part of what makes Dota an intriguing spectator sport.implying you couldnt do that with dotaTVYeah, stop asking for bans in all pick every day guys, it's never gonna happenPeople not using this option aren't affected by queue time at all since they are in the global pool. They will be matched with either solo only or parties, it may actually chase the queue up for them, because it's the other options that have additional condition.

Imagine a Venn diagram where two sets don't overlap and are included in a third global set.

This option would affect solo a little, however party might get hit hard.Eh, I buy a courier, 2 wards, an orb of venom and a clarity. Instead of tangoing up I harass as much as possible and then suicide.that self-deny by enigma using his eidolons . . . hot stuffYou are so stupid that you can't even mute chat. Nice. You are playing just the right games.Yeah I didn't really read your post after I saw the mistake lol> I'm downvoting all the reposted threads you make

You are literally downvoting everything I post, even if it is a "first-time" post, if I have a point, if I am 100% correct or not.

This is not cool, there is no reason to insta-downvote everything I post, just because I am me.

This is against the Reddit rules, btw. Youre not allowed to mindlessly downvote people, just because "Oh, it is *that guy*, time to downvote him".I was alluding to the fact that there is no need to click on the item.This is amazing work. Will work as a logo on even minuscule resolutions and has a backstory that solves the problem of it not being related directly to the team name.

I'm looking forward to seeing this on the ingame banners.
###2nah just playing with you guys, TNC really choked on grandfinalshttps://yasp.co/players/84354761/wordcloud

Easy, play with me3mins in Lvl25... That XPM and GPM must be CLQ.Imo the issue isn't necessarily even in the major system, but in how 3rd party events are done. If Valve wants to hold their qualifiers online and straight after a new patch, I strongly prefer some teams being invited based on performances in past events over everyone (or almost everyone) being put in this one qualifier to decide everything.

But the issue for me is that we don't really see for example EG, Secret, OG or Alliance face teams from their own region. They barely play online at all. Firstly, we would have a lot more to go by for invites if teams played more. Secondly, these teams being in some leagues would also allow teams below them to show if they are superior (or the other way around). As things are some teams are just playing 1-2 LANs a month and nothing else, which means very few games.

Though obviously every 3rd party event having everyone in qualifiers would bring another set of issues. Teams who actually qualify to LANs would quickly get exhausted, which is what happened 1.5 years ago. Also there is incentive for tournament organizers to invite some of the top teams because they bring the larger viewer numbers. I'm not really sure what would be the solution that would be feasible for teams and organizers and also great for fans.Exactly. I do the same way and I have no idea why people can tilt so bad to blame their loses on party mmr. Yeah win or lose those games just suck. You either stomp or get stomped and your own performance hardly matters. No fun. Koelb, I am being serious, and how many times in history has popular opinion been completely defended and had many "witnesses", but completely wrong? In this case, it is more believable, but I would rather be sure, and be called an idiot, that judge someone based on opinions. Modern day example of following without question and swearing blindly? DJ Trump, is actually a candidate for presidency, both sides of the political parties are vigorous and blind.No matter what, a soloq player MUST be matched with 9 other non party people, so no matter what, it still "traps" 9 others. (More precisely it traps them before the full set is found and the queue pops) Either in a constant sense of the same 9 players, or a dynamic sense of a rotating group of 9 players, the effect on queue times remains the same. it dosent matter if the non soloq people are still open to games with parties, no matter what soloq players will grab them, because it is the ONLY way matchmaking can complete for them.

the real issue with this stuff, is it 100% nessisarily causes party games to be missed for the "trapped" non soloq'ers, so it nessisarily WILL cause longer queue times, if it didnt do this, the effect would be identical to separate queues entirely, because only soloq'ers are going to "collect" while others just get party games.


I'm downvoting all the reposted threads you make. I'm not the only one downvoting these, people clearly DON'T CARE. Why do you keep spamming your pointless shit?They have to earn a sponsorship better than mouzThat's exactly what happens. Why you think they removed other modes from Ranked and there is only 3?i come from trump university. watch it he became a coach. I don't know either, just look at the patch notes.lmao that was beautiful, wpEw. No.  That shit will get you murdered.They remind me of the flood out of halo lolWorse.  He is from SEAWhat's wrong with this?  The default layout for items is awkward AF.  "N" for an item? Really?

I have default X and default B on the mouse.  The rest are default except x.i go birdless visage when i random visage cause i cant micro the birds anywayI repost this until you dont insta-downvote it, because "Oh, le Warden guy, better downvote him, regardless of him having a point or not".i read it once on a dayZ hate thread... there are plenty of words you can add after douche that have a nice ring to it... a douche pantry... a douche skittle... you see where this can go. No poison wards...so smart.good points, especially that last line. 

the majors are a good workaround for 3rd party lans, but we need to have only 8 invites only, otherwise were still strangling new blood coming onto the scene.LMAO it's a normal room, don't they have something like that in Malaysia or what the fuck is the "WAOW" Stream sniping.Good to see Chuan back!  CHUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNN!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcNgn9Lz5Z4
The guy i replied to originally stated this u dumbfuck. Dont chime in if youre unaware of the contextI've not been following the qualis. If I wanted to find this match what would I search for?https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4i506b/could_valve_finally_enable_the_sidebar_icons_for/

https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4i53dd/could_valve_finally_enable_the_sidebar_icons_for/

Third time's the charm, right?You are so self entitled that I could do anything on any matters you would not change your mind. If you think A and I prove you wrong using mathematical demonstration that A is false you woudl still think A.

> Well this is the problem actually. You lie. Just like every time you don't look on real statistics. You just dead gave away that you lie. From that video you can't even find any source related that. What a moron! :D

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rape_statistics#United_States



it's just that they play with each other everytime they exploit their weaknesses. I think 99% of the people realize this.i normally get level 2 reactive armor at level 3, 10 armor is alredy absurd in early levels with a poor mans shield then i max W 

my skill order is W,E,E,Q,W,R,W and the i decide if i want to max Q or E depending in the situationso true bro, im playing at sea and there is a legit schedule when there are good and bad players. i just cant figure it out just yet. if someone post that schedule here, it would be great xDWhat the fuck is that logic?long live clqneatti6 30 million stretch goal i believe>which doesn't have an already long effect text.

Already said that.valve employees are fangays too. i've talked to some at the the TI afterparties and they're as crazy about the competitive scene as us.

speculation aside, i'm sure they'll take a better approach next time.The good reason is that it speeds up queue times. 

However most people don't give a shit about party mmr. They can goof around and shit with little repercussions while people who are playing solo get fucked for it. > we mostly only play on Japan servers so no point in typing to people who don't speak english. 

Maybe you are getting reported because you can't/won't communicate with your team.No, its not. If you look past the last major china region is one of the strongest right now.Good thing i haven't changed my flair. I am happy that Manila will have a representative. Go Mineski!if he signed a contract and didnt fullfilled it then he deserves the lawsuit, simple.Why are you sorry? I lol'd.I'm not wrong am I?

But yeah I forgot. Everyone in this sub is a fucking Alliance fan for some reason.Dude i don't know if you are just trolling, that website was the biggest community where hundreds of  thousands gathered, if all those witnesses are not prove for you, god, i hope you never make it to any justice system. Anyway i just noticed you didn't even research a bit before doing this post so i'm out.Seriously ? How can you even play solo support as BH?
You need some windlace/OOV, tangoes, clarities and sentries to be relevant in the first 5 mins of the game.
This is the reason why BH's usually play the 4 instead of 5.

Anyway the Venge and CM are the only ones I can solo support.
I mean you can solo support with any hero but delayed core items like blink etc. might hurt you.Probably helped the suicide rates worldwideNot deserving of an invite, maybe. But they are by no means tier 4 teams.>Fk

>fking

Are you 10?Yeah, well on the internet no one knows you're a dog so..observer PLS SELECT LIFESTEALER NOT PUCK OR DOOMNice, one person out of millions of players. Excellent sample size and counter point.yeah, you said double, i have 5k so you'd need 10k plebAny tournament that gave a direct invite to fucking Alliance should be seen as a fucking joke. Because it is and it proves that inviting teams that the fans like are more important for those tournaments than inviting teams that are actually good.I don't know, maybe because the quicker he is burst down the quicker his Sunder becomes effective. That way the fight is turned 4.5v5 with a QoP ult being used on TBlade and being completely nullified.I'm looking at this thinking "Holy shit, Na'vi played 24 games in 2 weeks?"

Top tier teams don't play 24 games in 2 months these days.She really did that then!Yeah you're essentially right. The way it works is the image of any given item IS the button, and that image includes the black border to the right of said image.

This is a shortcut taken by the devs, and the right side was chosen to keep the light source and bevelling consistent.PJSaltthats what im saying, this 4 extra invites were simply stupid, dont know what the fuck went through valves or icefrogs head, specially the lgd invite when newbee was destroying everyone in china.Guys, it's not even about toxic parties. It's just not fair for solo quers.  
1). Most of them stack with much lower mmr friends which makes the make unstable.  
2). Solo and party mmr is not the same thing! Let's say you play with 2 guys with ~5k mmr while their solo mmr is 6k+, or the other way around, they got 4k party (boosted with 5man stacks or whatever) but their solo mmr (in my opinion specification of individual skill) is 3k.  
 I think they should remove 2+1+1+1 from ranked match making. And srsly, fuck longer queue, there are still enough 3ppl stack to merge with and if you don't like it just go play normal games.Lifestealer nerfs pleaseHide his shampoo.illuminati confirmedWhat a load of bullshit. Yapzor is infamous for his Balanar, Rubick and Earthshaker. Its more limited Synderen drafts kicking in.Can you guys relax? No one rage GG'd, I laughed and said "alright lets fucking 5 man smoke at this sk and get a kill and GG out". The game was kind of over and we just wanted to GG out and relax. We did not get a kill and proceeded to GG. Nothing more nothing less.this is so weird. 322? gg Kuku was planted as mineski spy! after going through qualis JessieVash going to rejoin the team! #MastermindThat's just how Pinoys play brah. 

"LC's at 10% health, sees a CK anf three others with full"
"I'm going in"
"But you'll die..."
"LC Triple Kill"You are welcome. And thanks.> Irrelevant to dota2.

Excuse me? I'm pretty sure mid or feed is a thing in dota 2, especially in stacks where they "have a plan" and want specific roles to lane together or something, and since they don't care about their party mmr as much, they are less likely to change their plans and adapt, this is typical during drafting phase with stacks.
If i play party and the rest of my team argues about roles or doesn't wanna communicate and make a good draft during picks, i won't care it's their problem i'll just random and do my thing. If it happens in solo i'll be forced to try to "salvage" the draft and make my team communicate on their plans because i just have to if i wanna win.

> Why should there be an incentive to solo queue? E-peen? It's a game. Games are best enjoyed with friends. Having the option to play alone is nice too, but I don't understand why it should be the norm.

It's really not about the norm. If your view of the game is just having fun with friends (and it probably is the norm i don't know, and don't really care either), then the whole discussion is irrelevant because you can do it in unranked as well and it won't be a problem for you. Solo queue is obviously a concern for players that take the game more seriously.

Here it's about making the game interesting and competitive for people that search MORE than just having fun with friends and want balanced quality games to IMPROVE, because i don't know if you noticed, but dota isn't exactly mario party, it's a competitive game with lots of passion involved, with a lot of tournaments and a lot of people living off the game.

Solo mmr just happens to be the best way to evaluate these individual players' performance in the game, and that's why it matters for pro players (getting high solo mmr does play a role if you want to get invited in a pro team, it wouldn't show ANYTHING with a dynamic queue) and players that want to get better at the game and improve and have an accurate idea of how well they're doing without they're bothered by people that don't really care about the game and are trolling with their friends or whatever for fun.
That's why there is a difference of incentive between solo queue and party queue in the current system, and that's why it needs to stay this way if you want ANY mmr to have a meaning.

> Boosting is a legitimate concern, but as stated before, it already is a problem both with account boosters and party mmr counting instead of solo when you queue with solo players. 

Boosting is already a problem, but it's currently not allowed, even if tolerated. It's also a minority and requires people to play on accounts that aren't theirs.
Making solo mmr abusable by anyone while playing on their account and while being in their own right is definitely making it a MUCH BIGGER and much more common problem. 

Currently boosters can at least get spotted and called out and reported and everyone know for a fact they did something that isn't allowed to get more mmr.
If you make solo mmr abusable though, abusing the system becomes the norm to increase mmr and the whole matchmaking becomes a completely imbalanced clusterfuck, where there isn't even a clear limit between what's boosting or not. 

> But nobody complains about noobs with high party and low solo, everyone complains about people who don't care about partymmr.

???? Obviously people complain about that, the fact that people don't care about party mmr directly comes from the MAIN problem that is that party mmr is biased and ruins the matchmaking balance.
If we didn't have ridiculous mmr discrepancy between players and super underrated/overrated players with 500-1000+ more or less mmr in party than solo, then people would care about party mmr because it wouldn't be a meaningless number as it is right now.
The fact that some stacks care more or less just adds up to this inherent balanced problem with stacks.What if he just spammed solo queue games for ages and haven't played party since calibration? The system does not account for that.I don't agree with your reasoning.

First of all, if you have 1 "solo q" player "tainting" 9 "non solo q" players then you have a match and I don't give a damn at all that those 9 were "wasted" on non party match.

While I do agree, that this could make party queues longer, I don't agree with the scale of the effect. I'd reason that since party average MMR is fixed, you won't probably match them with a large pool of players anyway (party of 2 is less likely to be matched with a group of 8 players compared to 2 solo queue players). So the "tainting" effect will happen much earlier in the match build up phase and will result is smaller effect.

Secondly, I'd think that it's relatively straightforward to modify the matching algorithm to mitigate this effect - you don't have to fix "non solo q" single players with neither "solo q" or party players before finding 10 suitable players. You can have them in the state where the could be matched with both (meaning you can start building up 2 possible matches with them).

But frankly, I'd say that all the discussion about the queue times is irrelevant, because mixing solo queue with party queue is wrong on the conceptual level (as have many reddit users expressed).we 2014 boys. LETS GOOOOOWhat if someone dewards them?Vlads deso PA so fun though.They just need a wider hero pool. It really sucks that they are so constrained with Alch/Veno/Void/Enigma as mostly part of their core heroes.i had a bearless lone druid in 3-4 of my gamesit's actually not like that at all... this is a faulty simile... no one's house is a mutiplayer video game.I think you are getting me wrong. Yesterday there was two upper bracket matches and one lower bracket match. I am proposing that the upper bracket final was also played yesterday so each of the 4 teams play exactly 2 BO3 and we have one finalist. Then today we would have 1BO3(lower bracket final) and 1BO5(upper bracket final). Hence a possible maximum of 8 games for a team instead of a possible 11game in the current format.
there is some truth in his comment. although those teams have shown promise, i dont think they've proven themselves sufficiently to warrant a direct invite... a qualifier invite for sure though. yes, there are TI winners and attendees on these teams, but it's difficult for me to give that much merit to old accomplishments (not to say they're worthless) if it's quite plausible that you were good back then but suck now (be it because of a meta you're finding challenging to adapt to, team troubles, retirement, or simply falling off the skill curve, etc.). 

navi went a long time without winning anything and they manage something that's absent the usual suspect tier 1 teams -- that's it really. alliance won ti3 but for a long time and through many team changes they won nothing until WCA and Starladder. to reiterate, there is merit in distantly past accomplishments but metas changes, teams change, the skill ceiling is constantly growing... it'd be dumb not to give more weight to current performance.

we can all agree LGD over Newbee was a fuck up.still looks more like an elephant eared tapir to me^(*Very Mike Jones Voice*)

**[MIKE JONES!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sd0S0LwhEDU)**Pick bounty hunter mute teamas a thai people i want to tell you guys how i feel about this team. They are all suck about their personality. they always trashtalk to other team when they win the game, but when thet lose they always beg for supportive from other team so they can play in tournament again. they think they are the best dota2 team in thailand. they think other team is stupid fuck and really noob. they think they are the only tean that wroth enough to go to international tournament.

and now Im wanna say that they are not deserve to win any game and valve should ban them from dota, they dont even think that what they did is cheating,

they trashtalk to everyone that tell them that what they did is cheating.

I lost my faith in this team.

I dont trust insig trust anymore.

I want to say sorry for what most thai people think.

hope u guy get it

ty 

ggwpMe: Qojqva gonna pick Tinker.

NoDig: TINKER!

Me: YES!gl finding a match in japanAgainst current inviting system. It just maintain current popularity status of the T1 teams and deny the possibility of more new teams in getting to good tournaments to measure themselves against them and prove themselves. It's a wrong direction also since direct invites doesnt take into account roster changes so they are inviting orgs rather than teams at this point. Seriously how are "T2" teams gonna even break through if there is only 1 qualify spot per major and per 3rd party LANs.Yeah but they aren't as essential or powerful as Visage birds. I generally don't get illusions until level 10 on TB just because reflection and meta are just better.Yeah, we didn't really outskill them, it really was just a massive mistake on their end. Still very satisfying to watch indeed!I mean really, WTF is wrong with people here. 

The guy was on the winning team of the highest tier tournament in the world and apparently he is not good enough.He had a contract to play with mineski for a specific amount of time but he left before the contract ended because he got bribed to join another team as said by this [post](https://www.facebook.com/mineskidota/posts/10154320249556833).coz reddit is a bunch of phat angry kids that need to troll to survive you still get revealed for half a second after the blink, so its not like they wont knowYou were bad at math and physics. There is no exceptions. Its either 100% right or wrong.

And how many there is above 8k? Yeah less than 20 so pls :)Only looking at the wild card, they have to face Fnatic, Complexity and No Diggity. Fnatic are on a hot streak right now (tearing through the SEA region and only losing to Wings), Complexity have been very solid over the last few months (being very unlucky and losing to the eventual champions in the last two LANs they've attended) and No Diggity came out of a stacked EU region that included the likes of Vega and Navi. They are certainly not going to be pushovers. 

This isn't even counting Liquid and EG, who have been very consistent over the last few months (though EG still need to gel a bit more) and Secret, who theoretically has one of the strongest, if not the strongest, rosters in the current scene. Alliance/OG/VP might be weaker, but it's a new patch as well so who knows. Sounded like Kiwi accent, got all excited, looked up roster... 

Aussie...

:(((

No problem, dumbass!Any, because seemingly your 4 is a jungler anyway. KappaI'm sick of it too, its so pretentious to delete posts until he gets an up-voted one. well carrying 4 autists like you is hard even for a 8 slot TinkerIf not for an ESL logo, I would've automatically assumed it's a scam. Though it'll still be a tier-2 tournament at best, not enough prize money to get the top teams.Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r4i2bft?feature=playlist&nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[how to be invited in pro team](https://youtube.com/watch?v=zf6dclORQbM)|[16](https://reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4i2bft/_/d2ugqse?context=10#d2ugqse) -  
[VAC Banwaves](https://youtube.com/watch?v=eipvK900a1k)|[6](https://reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4i2bft/_/d2ujxar?context=10#d2ujxar) - Like the recent TF2 VAC ban wave Valve pulled recently      
[Persona 4: I'll Face Myself Extended](https://youtube.com/watch?v=IORp_o7bnvM)|[4](https://reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4i2bft/_/d2ugqcq?context=10#d2ugqcq) - I am an ENDUSER, the true self.  I don't care if I feed, those damned Peruvians threw the game from minute 1! Let the trench swallow your pride and abolish your will to push onwards! Give up on 3K MMR and play TF2 instead! 
[Why is Kirby Bottom Tier in Melee?](https://youtube.com/watch?v=YpsGaqhcAmw)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4i2bft/_/d2v4x2h?context=10#d2v4x2h) - I figure something along those lines might be appropiate for a good Pugna shitpost. While not as objectively and irredemably awful as Melee Kirby, he already has the similarly annoying bugs and crippling limitations to make funnies with. He also suck...
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)Idk where you heard something like that, but I highly doubt that.He has 2 accounts in top-10, and there was a time when he regularly streamed going from 7k to 8k on smurf with ease.Leavers will be scored as losers. Ehh, im pretty sure the so called "weakest" region just kicked ass in two of the international tournaments in a row, im not sure if the "weakest" can dominate the stronger in such a fashion or maybe the Chinese region is just on top right now.I hope ehome made it to major, they are the team who play unorthox chinese dota.just dancenot winning absolutely anything in over 6 months its not good enoughNow analyze his ~~word~~ flame cloud.I'm a bit tempted to try that one day. I think he's cool looking and his 3 abilities are interesting. But I can't micro his ult.... :(Honestly, Idc who will win in this game. Both teams represent the Philippines. 

Still congrats to Mineski, also this means there will be a TV Coverage for Manila MajorThis is so huge for the Indian E-Sports Scene, looking forward to seeing a few local teams on the rise.Didn't expect a rich piano meme to be in r/dota2>losing in life

Sounds like he won a couple of bucks Why is it better to have more direct invites?Then no one should be buying BKB since it has even less damage unless you're a STR hero and an even worse buildup. But sure keep down voting me, enjoy your one sided conversation. i dunno tbh my solo is 5.2 and party is around 3.4-3.9 and it's because i win or lose 50% in that party bracket. I dont try as hard but i still win 50% of the time. thats all u can ask of a team mate really. if i was too good for that bracket in a party i'd move up. if i was too shit because i goof off too much i'd drop. i dont_wooooosh_can confirm

a gem on naga is the hardest possible counter to techiesHey I only played 3 games with him so far this patch. Easiest mmr of my life.I mean, granted his epic Chen/Ench micro skills aren't as good without a team to communicate with but he is definitely a good enough player that if he put his mind to it he could.No Diggity limited hero pool hurts them pretty bad. They have to pick Yapzor hero first phase every game cuz he apperantly can only play Enigma and Veno.The fact that the likes of Alliance and OG got a direct invite decpite being tier 4 teams makes it pretty fucking pathetic.Have you tried not attacking the enemy hero while it's up.

Crazy, I know.ok sorry guysI would call that a little problem yeah. In most cases, not getting a hard-on off of your epeen size doesn't mean that you're actively trying to lose. Playing a game inherently means that you're trying to win. Sure, they might just pick their favorite hero, rather than the hero that counters the opponent's lineup, but 50% of the solo players also doesn't give a shit about the picking phase. They might farm their blink rather than keep up vision, but 50% of the solo players does that too. I'd say that the most significant difference between people that care about their epeen and people that don't is that the former are just more angry about everything.     
Then there is still the fact that Valve tries to balance the team makeups, so that if one side has a 2-stack and/or 3-stack, the other side has as well. So everything is in balance again.  
The main problem that splitting the queues would bring is obviously queue time, and I feel that's pretty significant. People that nolife Dota enough that they also post and vote on Reddit might not be too worried about it (and even they are for a big part, considering the top post in this thread), but there's a large demographic that isn't even aware that this is a problem for some people that just wants to play without waiting 10 minutes.Rektchill ~~source 2~~ new ingame ui will fix thisI swear this discussion makes normal people become fucking retards.

It means he hasn't played party mmr at all so it isn't a representation of his skill. Fuck bounty pickers.> Mine is bounty hunter

who doesnt like free mmrIn before BSNL announced as the main ISP for the event,kappa!Sodium, atomic number 11, was first isolated by Peter Dager in 1807. A chemical component of salt, he named it Na in honor of the saltiest region on earth, North America.it's later todaylol surely that was your first report ever right? i was exaggerating when i said there should be no invites :P games with risk make for good dota and i'm an addict for good dota.

obviously its impractical. i agree and we can all agree that the current state of the system isnt ideal (and if not ideal, certainly could be better). fortunately for everyone, we're still in the major system's first iteration and i'm sure valve will calibrate for the next. Thanks mr grammar nazi.  Very constructive.Leaving the team before his contract expired. He joined TNC without Mineski's approval.

*edit. Mineski FB page [posted](https://www.facebook.com/mineskidota/posts/10154320249556833) something that can relate to itplease explain that reference please . XD Show us your conduct summary. You can't get into LP based off of reports in one game.Zai, Blitz and Cap casual cast from yesterday: https://www.twitch.tv/blitzdota/v/64734982i for one are rooting for esports in india....mb this can boast esport in  the whole region....GO INDIA
You have 4chan levels of autism. Seek for help plz.CTRL+Click to move something to Stash PLEASE Icefrog HoN hotkeys 10000000000000000000x better than DotA'sHow about no.I don't even know do you even read that shit that you throw out. I'll help you. 

> He is probably refering to multiple recent studies that showed that A LOT (I mean A LOT like more than 50% of western population) think that if the victim was wearing sexy clothes, raping her is less wrong.

Still failed to back it up. You know little princess if you say that apple is blue, you have to show me a blue apple. If you show me a red apple it's not enough. Beacuse you exactly did this.

And you trying to educate me on debate? Or arguments? Holy molly.

I think it's totally understandable that i don't even consider reading a random language source. I can link you anything in mandarin claiming it contains XY data. If you can't find data in english you can be pretty sure that it's non existent.

Absurd? http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2449454/More-men-raped-US-women-including-prison-sexual-abuse.html

I see you edited 2 times since than, so i answer that too.

> The first argument like : "why don't feminist also look at the advantages of being a women ?" srsly ? You'll say that the black people who fought against discrimination were not a movement for equality but suprematy because they did not look at the advantages of being black ??

Since we are speaking of rights:

* women are getting less punishment for the same committed crime

* divorce and child distribution is HEAVILY favouring women

* womens are not forced to be conscripted

* women are more likely to get a job in the US only beacuse political correctness

And theese are only the first few things i can remember. However i'm not a women hater to know every detail. But i can say that most civilized and western countries in the matter of rights, and law woman has 0 disadvantage. It's most likely to man have them.

> Cool she gives her source and I went to look at this source and I find

Well this is the problem actually. You lie. Just like every time you don't look on real statistics. You just dead gave away that you lie. From that video you can't even find any source related that. What a moron! :D

> feminazies cannot use their secret weapon against a gay man: the "you are sexist" gun. What ? First of all calling feminists feminazies totally discredit you.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Y7L_q65jrE

This is what i call feminazies. And if you support this, i can only pity you. (best part: 3:37)

Just as feminists claim that if a women blame a man with rape, there sould be no need for evidence. Only the actual prisonment for X years.

Just as feminists claim that man should be enslaved to camps, hoping that heterosexuality dies -> men dies.

>Second : why a gay man can't be sexist ? Anyone can be sexist : man, woman, gay, trans, whatever

The problem is this: for you feminazies everybody is sexist who does not support you. Also they cannot call him sexist, beacuse political correctness. Gay people are just as defended by that as "afro americans" (better known as: black people), but let's not get derailed.Agreed. There are so much other points dota could improve on, item lore is literally wasted manpower. Noone is going to quit dota or have a shitty playing experience because there are no lore on items.SCAMAZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZIt's basically all the top teams in the world right now apart from VG.R and Wings Gaming. I don't see how they seem "pathetic" to you.Fix your attitude. Reported 3 games in a row because I bought Drums on Slark months ago.Yeah, I definitely hate that every other moba has the same 10v10.. oh waitYes, better be safe then sorry. I admit, a few times I did not have enough mana to cast second splitter...That is what we supports like to call 'subtlety.' We sometimes can not go to place wards in dangerous areas and if we try once or twice and no one comes naturally we're going to try to goad you into an area with smoke so we can go plant wards. Yes
Og is atleast a team that is above tier 4
> but my friend is one of staff in Mineski,

Can you give us a viable source for that?

> if you wont believe me, i dont care, but i do believe my friend.

It's really hard to believe that a team of 5 would sacrifice an opportunity to save the 1.

I found it weird too that TnC lost to Mineski -it could be a number of reasons. But to make another 322? Plausible, but highly unlikely.=)Was weaver and tried to sell boots to make BoTs...sold my BKB, luckily we made the gold back quickly but still, delayed my MKB by way too much.

http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/2334046191

Never making that mistake again.Mb you got reported by enemies cuz you're gay-broodpickerfn is the carry player on Vega at the moment.  Did you mean 9pashaebashu?This thread is part of the researchI don't know, I actually like the fact that Undy's Flesh Golem heal can prevent him from dying to lethal damage. He *is* called Undying, after all.

Rest should prolly be fixed though, yeah.No, I think you are partly correct by what you just said, but what I said is also true, and I think that is more important to understand.

Still, we wouldnt have had this set of replys if you could just take more than 3 seconds reading and understanding a post, before just throwing your face on the keyboard.Once every two weeks is still less than the original "monthly" and these posts reach front page only once every few weeks. The original biweekly comment is ambiguous about the meaning.TIL Bolor bought No Diggity BibleThumpThen they send a code with the transaction so you have to log in to your bank and find it.Show conduct summary.

Inb4 20 reportsIsn't he? He's either first phase picked or banned, at worst it's second phase.So, this is a case of truth without proof? And for new comers it is actually impossible to prove? Alright, I can believe that, but you can understand why I question ithaha, i just play enough techies to know he's complete garbage post ti5 nerfs. Glad you got a laugh! it doesnt seem as bad to me tbhI'd call them shit and report them and stop caring so much someone tilted during one gameHave my upvote you awesome son of a bitch you!> Just because a change will affect a minority of players only, doesn't mean it's not a good change.

This is true, however, it does say a lot about priority. Personally I think they should fix wider problems like that fact that the bloody kill cam *still* isn't hideable.if i play tinker i play it like that, cause i play only ganking style tinker no splittpush etc. im in all fights etc. u can easy catch up with an tripple kill. But most of the times i do this with a mate who plays a ganking support like bounty etc and i get bots 2 and he scout i tp on him and ez killlp?Yeah, I know. And it doesn't resemble Tzeentch from a follower or Daemon standpoint. and og would? the 4 teams shouldnt have been invitedhttp://i.imgur.com/lUXBiC8.jpg here faggit
This is one of those 'is it really a bug?' things. You could move the dividing line so its in the center of each border, but you'd have to play-test to know if that feels better than the current [leftmost of graphic > right edge of border = item span] setup. 

Personally, I'd bet on the current design (something about it and the way cursors work [strictly the top-left most point] just makes more sense to me).newbee is back?? 
That sweep is really impresssive actually.Easiest 30k of their life. 15-0 stomping through the qualifiers..it depends , there are definitely some kids that have very positive attitude but some are very disrespectful , i remember a kid from a pub game asking the team to stop flaming and said we can win this but everyone tells him to eat shit , i feel bad nowThis is heartbreaking, I mean Mineski deserved it but man I was hoping for a TNC comeback.>Many players who receive low-priority penalties due to excessive reports underestimate how many reports they are receiving and how many it takes to get a penalty.

...



>We only assess a low-priority penalty when a pattern of disruptive behavior is established by reports from multiple parties over multiple matches.

http://www.dota2.com/conductsummaryfaqWow, his voice is soft.  oddshot takes longer to load for meoh really maelk,you dont say?!r/creepyAt second 30, that exactly itYour not wrong but this game actually ended in 30 mins because of the amount of map control the techies pick allowed secret to get." No one cares if I don't pay my team. Stop bullshitting"> To go by your 'Top 6' designation, why should finishing sixth at the last major be more impressive than finishing 1st at the preceding one? This is precisely what I mean by an overly short-term approach.

Even the top 6 approach is too long-term, look at CDEC at Frankfurt and then Shanghai. Who can claim that OG won't be a repeat of that, just 1 major late?

> Valve have never clarified, but judging by their actual decisions, Winning a major (or even second) does look like an auto-qualify.

Valve never clarified but CDEC Shanghai invite and lack of one for LGD make it obvious that for both frankfurt and shanghai top 6 at previous major was auto invite, while last 2 spots were filled by top placers between majors.

> Incidentally, the fact that there are 12 invitees might have something to do with the fact that the deeper the cycle goes more teams have these accomplishments that are Auto Q in Valve's eyes.

Or the fact that Valve just could not allow the shitstorm of OG, Alliance, Navi + rest of EU in qualifiers (not to mention that it would mean shafting PR/Spirit/one of Ad Finem/Empire/Vega/VP into qualifiers) combined with 4 SEA/4 NA teams at event itself. Seriously, once you paint picture like that, the reason for 12 invites is obvious: there's too many teams in EU for 10 team qualifier.

12 invites were largely a cop out by Valve, but the fact that they went with LGD invite is ridiculous anyways.IDK man I feel like I have to since I have more experience and knowledge in game. The supports on my team has like 2.8k to 3k MMR so they don't know shit about what's happening in the game.SEA is nice to play because it reminds me of Dota 1 because I have 250 ms and people do stupid builds.Fails to ward jungle. Fails to use Scan. Fails to block camps. Fails to gank the Legion. Fails to not die to her. Fails at bitching and whining on Reddit. Nice post man, keep it up.A rough road ahead, kinda hard for them when they have the possibility of playing 11 games today. Weirdest and least appropriate chocolate rain  reference ever.Teams can also get to the major by putting up results in other tournaments, the qualifier isn't the only way in. If you are either a new team or you have no noteworthy results, then you are going to have to go through qualifiers. Imo the issue with the idea of no invites to majors is that then you are putting incredibly emphasis on an individual qualifier, and the rest of the dota scene is totally disconnected from the major system. Now at least you have more chances than one to show what you can do.

Obviously there is plenty of room to discuss in how exactly the majors should be structured and how should they tie into the other events. Also another thing is how the 3rd party events should work, as they also have their own invite systems. The current system isn't really ideal imo, as fans get to see some teams play very little.If that were true, then using potions reduces your GPM. You think that's what happens? LolYeah the horrors of the likes of Alliance. Truely horrifying indeed.

The teams at Epicenter are pathetic.####&#009;

#####&#009;

######&#009;Hover to view match details

Here is your summary:

[**Evil Geniuses** WINS ***45***-28 @ 59 minutes](/spoiler)

***Evil Geniuses***

Portrait | Hero | Player | Level | KDA | LH/D | XPM | GPM | HD | TD
:---|----|---|:--|:---|:----|:---|:---|:---|:---
[](/hero-witchdoctor) | [WitchDo](http://dota2.com/hero/Witch_Doctor/) | [When I was Youn](https://www.dotabuff.com/players/86727555) | 21 | 9&#x2F;8&#x2F;14 | 97/0 | 393 |310 |  | 
[](/hero-puck) | [Puck](http://dota2.com/hero/Puck/) | [Fear](https://www.dotabuff.com/players/87177591) | 25 | 12&#x2F;4&#x2F;19 | 273/28 | 552 |460 |  | 
[](/hero-tidehunter) | [Tidehunter](http://dota2.com/hero/Tidehunter/) | [Universe](https://www.dotabuff.com/players/87276347) | 24 | 9&#x2F;7&#x2F;20 | 208/0 | 521 |417 |  | 
[](/hero-nyxassassin) | [NyxAs](http://dota2.com/hero/Nyx_Assassin/) | [paraiso](https://www.dotabuff.com/players/73562326) | 22 | 5&#x2F;8&#x2F;22 | 107/6 | 429 |286 |  | 
[](/hero-lycan) | [Lycan](http://dota2.com/hero/Lycan/) | [reportado](https://www.dotabuff.com/players/110880087) | 25 | 10&#x2F;2&#x2F;20 | 409/10 | 551 |586 |  | 

***Team Secret***

Portrait | Hero | Player | Level | KDA | LH/D | XPM | GPM | HD | TD
:---|----|-----|:--|:-----|:----|:---|:---|:---|:---
[](/hero-keeperofthelight) | [Keeperof](http://dota2.com/hero/Keeper_of_the_Light/) | [Puppey](https://www.dotabuff.com/players/87278757) | 23 | 4&#x2F;7&#x2F;9 | 184/1 | 482 |327 |  | 
[](/hero-earthshaker) | [Earthshaker](http://dota2.com/hero/Earthshaker/) | [NoBrain](https://www.dotabuff.com/players/19672354) | 17 | 3&#x2F;13&#x2F;21 | 65/2 | 264 |236 |  | 
[](/hero-brewmaster) | [Brewmaster](http://dota2.com/hero/Brewmaster/) | [Bjrn](https://www.dotabuff.com/players/41231571) | 24 | 9&#x2F;7&#x2F;11 | 208/5 | 527 |391 |  | 
[](/hero-medusa) | [Medusa](http://dota2.com/hero/Medusa/) | [ghn](https://www.dotabuff.com/players/82262664) | 25 | 4&#x2F;8&#x2F;8 | 484/9 | 555 |580 |  | 
[](/hero-doom) | [Doom](http://dota2.com/hero/Doom/) | [positive player](https://www.dotabuff.com/players/94155156) | 23 | 8&#x2F;10&#x2F;6 | 197/13 | 482 |485 |  | 

---
^^maintained ^^by ^^[s505](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=s505). ^^[code](https://github.com/dotamatch/dotamatch). ^^[**dotabuff**](http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/985780481) ^^/ ^^[**dotamax**](http://dotamax.com/match/detail/985780481) ^^Match ^^Date: ^^*26&#x2F;10&#x2F;2014,* ^^*17:34*
http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/985780481When I started out SEA was kind to me... even when I didnt know the basics and picked axe almost every game as he looked kinda strongI figure something along [those lines](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpsGaqhcAmw) might be appropiate for a good Pugna shitpost. While not as objectively and irredemably awful as Melee Kirby, he already has the similarly annoying bugs and crippling limitations to make funnies with. He also sucks as well, heph heph heph.

If bugs alone won't fill the meme video well enough, just pad it with 2 minutes of Pugna's ult getting countered and nullified by every other hero with basic spells, preferably in increasingly retarded ways. Or just one clip of Ember Spirit with Arcane Rune breaking Aghs-Lifedrain channel for 2 minutes straight. Whatever you prefer.I'm saying that Hurricane Pike doesn't fit into any natural build progression (other than Ench and perhaps Drow) because its situational active and small HP and INT boost don't offset the downside of the extremely cost-inefficient damage.He wants to feel important. 

Don't know if it's autism, but it definitely is something.because no one wants this in Dota. It drives up Q times massively and is just not something valve needs to focus on. #NICEThey tried it once some time ago when N0tail was on secret. He and puppey was a roaming Kunkka/Mirana duo if I remember correctly.

Search for the game on youtube if you wanna watch it!But that's not what he was saying. He was saying that newbee deserved the invite over LGD. (Also, I'd argue that they are stronger than SEA - who has fnatic and mvp, sure, but the drop off is enormous after that compared to china where the teams playing in the qualifier would pretty much all destroy any SEA qualifier teams)He's a subpar player and only remained within the team because his wife is the team's manager.What is this clip from?Implying Mousesports won't pick these guys up and then abandon them after a couple of month again.That's not true, it's people not caring about lore being in the game so they don't care that it isn't. You are overestimating redditors6214 is best i've hit my friendo, you aint gonna believe me and i hardly even care

MMR shows how good you are at spamming a hero, in the sniper meta, thats what i did on my smurf, hit 6200 going 200 games in a row with sniper, then i cashed it out, i have nother smurf that is near 5k and i win games easier there than in 3k

gl hf Pretty stupid of them to spontaneously 'forget' there's a Sand King, but nice wipe indeed! Always very satisfying to watch these kind of clips :)a big shout out to esl, they've been organizing tournaments even for little communites like turkish dota community. 

p.s. fuck those retarded fuckhead mods for banning me from esl turkey channel That TNC always loses to PH teamsNo one reads bank balances. Stop BullshittingLmao it's always looked like a lil space ship to me. Holy shit I finally see the "mouse" in the Mouz logoYea, it seems too, this ones way betterroflsmurfs are actually nice people? nani?Mineski figured out that this is a P2W game.I am being passive aggressive, yes. Id prefer not to turn into what I hate (Internet arguments that are never resolved). I am trying,really trying, not to judge ANYONE (Pendragon included). so far the only evidence I have found, from people who were actually involved, is Pendragons letters. No evidence for Icefrog, Guinsoo etc etc. While you know how to present a point, you are utterly failing to recognize my point and purpose even though I have stated so. But seeing as being subtle doesnt work, I will be blunt. 
Most of the people I see here are sheep and lemmings who follow whoever is the loudest and never question why. When I posted my thread on League and Dota players hating each other, it boiled down to people using elitist arguments that werent based on anything but opinions. Hardly anyone is actually thinking about what I am saying, but is trying to point out my errors I have in my thinking without addressing my point. So before you accuse me for ignoring comments and opinions, first answer the original question, is this community closed-minded?  Also, by the way you argue I can see you are used to bull dozing people with words and seemingly valid points, but when your points are addressed, you switch tactic and bring up a completely different angle, and repeat until it seems like you have won, but in reality you have just changed the game.Autism detectedHow do you identify them?Empire as an org has done some shady shit recently.

https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/492st4/developing_listening_to_goblaks_interview_with/No Diggity the new NiP>without treantsi like this one better too. it looks clean and very pleasing to the eye unlike their old oneAnd they're not wrong by doing that.
A tournament isn't just meant to have the best teams.
A tournament has to have a combination of good teams and popular teams, so as to maximize the revenue, be it stream viewers, tickets sold for the venue, in game (does not apply to the major), etc.

Pretty much NO ONE in the west is gonna spend money or time to watch a game between Wings and VG.r. Whenever Na'Vi or Alliance plays, you get the highest number of stream viewers and fans, so if you can find an excuse to invite them, YOU DO IT.

I still think the people at Epicenter are idiots for not inviting Na'Vi, regardless if they deserve it or not. Biggest CIS event and you don't invite the biggest CIS team? That's lost revenue right there.thinking about this makes me so glad i quit ranked mmpaid* you fool.Yes, it was a bad decision to invite MUFC but the competition wasn't half as fierce as it is now during TI3 anywayThat's true. Support players are usually the captains doing the calls - Puppey for Secret, Kuro for Liquid, PPD for EG.No, because one change means whether some people can play the game or not, while another means...what, 1% of all people that play the game will be a little disappointed there isn't lore? Come on.:techies:Yes this is legit. There's an official announcement on the esl main Facebook page too. I'd link you but I'm on my phone!Yeah, even the casters found it weird... Welp anyways GGWP Mineski.Yeah seriously fuck you Valve. Whay the fuxk was Alliance Navi and LGD invited.

Alliance is complete shit, Navi is a bit better but still really fucking bad and LGD is objectivly worse than Newbee.

None of these shitty ass teams whould make it through the qualifiers but I guess fans are mire important than actual skil in todays Dota.

Fuck you Valve. Just fuck you.Chances are it won't continue for too much longer given the level of competition in Epicenter :(

Still a very very good run though, hats off to them. u idiot they are playing wild cards? u want them to give 10k just for qualification matches? you are brain dead or what? if they dont want to travel, let them fuck off and give chance to others..It doesn't fuck with the balance of the game because his party mmr is 3.1, that means he fucks around so much that his impact is the same as a 3.1k player.You can still use them in teamfights or during pushes by pointing them at one target and then moving them away. Doesn't take a lot fo effort.Come to 400mmr and all you see are solo players They're probably on their way to Moscow.Same as the other teams. Going pro gamer is hard for everyone.If they get out of the EUQ, [this](http://orig05.deviantart.net/6ffa/f/2011/288/d/2/oh_god_what_have_i_done____by_rober_raik-d4cw1lu.png) could be more accurate.And I'll take the hell back with you. ;Dwhat hero was he usingPoint on the doll where Dendi touched youEdit: Take things with a pich of salt everyone.

Registration Links for all 3 games seems to down on the given link

http://pro.eslgaming.com/india/register/VG.HAO NotATKWAAAAAAAAPAGE WUNCE AGAINand then the exhausted team won lol.. was looking for ad finem top player in top ranked players

basically the top 6 top player of greece[still the best rampage clip of all time.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmmb-1Sc1JA)Kills and Farms faster cos of double starstorm.CN DOTA BrokeBackIf you don't have time to spend an extra 5-8mins in a queue how the fuck do you have time to play a game that could last up to an hour.Make a custom map. And shut the fuck up.Aukad he itni indian players ki?it's valve logic to please the crowds i don't blame themAre you some high functioning autist? Wtf with spamming the Arc Warden posts every single day.

I imagine you like Chris-chan the Sonichu guysure, that is like getting caught off guard in BO1s, im talking about a couple of these invited teams gonna get fxcked hard in the arse in BO3s scenarios, that makes u wonder invited team? really?[RIP M5.](http://www.hltv.org/news/8440-m5-scammed-robbed-in-india)I had the same mind set.

But if you think for a second, team that won the first upperbracket round(yesterday) will be rewarded with one less bo3, while team that loses the first upper bracket has to fight for their live immediately on lower bracket. Think the same logics also applies here, just that the order of the win doesn't matter.

A loss of a series is directly punished, regardless of whether you won previous one or not, that's how the format goes on I suppose.Empire tried to steal RAMZES666 and Afterlife from Team Spirit behind the team's back. It's a really fucking underhanded move that started the CIS shuffle as it is now.

https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/492st4/developing_listening_to_goblaks_interview_with/I think so, but this is still helpful for me because the videos on livecap don't load well on my phone, and they load fine on youtube.Where is that from, the bluetext not the link.[**Link to the official page on the ESL website.**](http://pro.eslgaming.com/india/)

Great to see the Indian esports scene moving on from the days of the Indian Gaming Carnival.

Also, why the fuck is there a Just Dance tournament?Yeah it's a dumb comparison on purpose to show how absurd your argument is.

Just because a change will affect a minority of players only, doesn't mean it's not a good change.What terms and conditions specifically?You actually think they don't spam heroes to gain MMR? Whenever rtz wanted to win, he picked OD and told teammate to pick omni and that's how he grinded a lot of his games, if you actually think he wanted to "get used to the hero" just don't bother...Well he is right.I wish I were 1k. All the shit players would have a reason to be shit.What did he said?YesAre you retarded, don't you fucking see that everyone is telling you he deleted that area? What in the actual fuck are you reading?**THE DESIGNATEDs ARE COMING. BRACE YOUR INTERNATIONALS , WE ARE GOING PROVE WE DON'T SHIT EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**I hope DiG stays together after Epicenter, they look like they can get somewhere if they mature their drafts and play a bit.Now we only need them to not disband so they can use itReally? If we're comparing gold per damage then no one should buy anything but Rapier and MKB.And what proportion of the time do you figure that that goes for both teams?Exactly! Using party MMR to pair players with SOLO players makes unbalanced games.EZWhat? What girl? What are you talking about?> They'll either have superb coordination or be synchronized retards.


Like everyone elseI'm just glad I'm not the only one who's sick of this spam.
They got a bad bracket and lost to both finalists.They got a bad bracket and lost to both finalists.I don't think there should be a single shot-caller. Mid should call the plays that he's involved in, but otherwise let the supports handle it.Except it's not because everyone understands what a normal gpm is. Saying someone had 56 by not accounting for any money spent is stupid.We're simple plebians. We see loopy circle, we see Ubisoft circle. Even if it loops in the opposite direction and has a completely different spiral pattern.I want a vod too but judging by how recent all the comments are it seems like the game just ended so the stream is probably still goingSeems too good to be true. Pls stop. Well you're a minority and it also means you care about a biased unbalanced mmr.

Most people care more about an unbiased and representative mmr than a biased meaningless one, even if sure, it doesn't apply to everyone.

Individual views on the matter really don't care at all in that discussion.rofl, is it really that noticable?How does it not affect my queue time as a duo/party player if solo players are practically in a seperate queue because Valve made it so that solo players only get matched with solo players? Does it fucking matter if a seperate named queue is implemented or not as long as the aforementioned changes are made? It also affect solo player queue times who are fine with being matched into stacks.

How can Valve does it "the nice way" that it's not a seperate queue but it's a seperate queue because some solo players want to have "pure" solo queue match?.. 
this is the first time i hear this, can you expand (i am not russian)And sickcynic, and mo_VoL.








But you simply disregarded their(and other peoples) comments as opinions. If you don't believe words of people who were present in (or have some knowledge about) the-then DotA community, feel free to ask people like 













Eul, Guinsoo, Icefrog etc. about what actually happened.












Or will you simply say : *oh, they could be lying*









While at the same time you accept everything pendragon said as absolute truth?Good lord, man. Outsource a bit next time!They are figured out by other teams. They pick same heroes for every game. Void, DS, Enigma, Bane, Alch every fucking game. 

It's hard NOT to figure them out though.> It's also the fact that someone wkth a part MMR of 3.1k may have a solo of 4.5k and that really fucks with the balance of the game.

Also vice versa. You get 2 guys partied together who have solo MMR which is vastly lower than their party MMR (e.g. 3k solo MMR vs 4.5k party MMR) because they often queue as 3 or 5 with friends who carry them to wins.In addition to what everyone else is saying I think Zai had been spamming it on stream, although it was Kuro playing it this game, it shows they were thinking about it and where to use it.to be fair they qualified for Frankfurt Major as well, so Mineski being one of strongest team in SEA isn't news as long as they don't have to fight over the qualifier spot against MVP or Fnatic.Girl likes guys who can play with kidsThis is how CISPA/SOPA/TTIP etc eventually will get put in place :(Maybe a custom game. Why not create one for yourself?Sry for the zoom, wanted to catch as much as possible but it might take a bit away from the video.Plus sometimes you don't get the chance to safely place down even those defensive wards. So you have to make do with 1/2 wards that don't get sentried immediately, and you end up with nice surplus vision later if you manage to hold onMotive is being a retard.#1Empire has DiGs draft figured out ...that is correct. they were invited in both ti4 and ti5 as london conspiracy, but didnt get too far.I don't see any other tournament with team in the upper bracket possible play 3 series on the last day to qualify where the lower bracket team has to play 2 series. The upper bracket final should have been played yesterday. It's really poor idea to play upper bracket final, lower bracket final and grand final - all in the same day.
No, this is a fact, that area was gone, and a lot of people noticed that LoL had the ideas they posted in there. Even if you argue that all things there were fanmade and therefore public use, there is always recognition for their ideas, but he just took them and made money out of it.> It's also the fact that someone wkth a part MMR of 3.1k may have a solo of 4.5k  

This is the real problem with it. I've had games in the high 3k bracket where I'm against a 5.2k solo player in my lane because he never played party before.Throw cup plz>US East

I'm going to go ahead and say no.I feel like you're making a bigger deal out of it than most people lolNICE! SwiftRageIt's a pretty good strat at your mmr, just the pilot is as bad as youWell yes.Rotate into 5? I wouldn't do it.Does anyone actually try to argue that?ESL actually does. They were in charge of the Frankfurt Major.

Also, the overlay you were talking about isn't ESL's work. It was entirely made by the observer /u/pimpmucklI actually thought they showed a quite good performance in Frankfurt.You can farm faster with ilussions and push towersNot technically a 419 scam, you're correct, but still fraud. I stand corrected.I've had the opposite.

Isnt anecdotal evidence to prove my opinion fun?!Holy Fucking Shit.

Is this this verified?One of the great things that pulled me into dota was the lore, the comic valve made when they first released dota 2, how the characters interact with each other, how you can see their personality and relationships between each other. 

I once spent the entire day reading the hero lores in DoTA 1, people have different ideas on what attracts them in a game. Excuse some people if they arent just interested in picking a hero and destroy buildings, and just want some consistency in a game they really love. 

hell, someone even made a long ass thread about the lore of Dota 2 http://dev.dota2.com/showthread.php?t=35923I'm willing to wait 1 hour for full team of good player in my solo queueDo you even reading comprehension bro?

Ok it seems you dont understand why proplayers spam heroes. They do it to to get completely used to the hero, learn and know every possible aspect of it. They dont just do it for plebs purposes like simply acquiring a stupid number.

They have said this shit so many fuckin times dude....5600 gold for 20 damage is negligible, Butterfly is around the same price and gives triple that.he already payed you foolWhat's up with JessiVash? What happened?Better than what nb did.I think it gets old pretty quickly when using those voices as an announcer. Also Valve comes across as quite narrow-sighted (IMO) when it comes to announcer packs, with their GlaDoS and Defense Grid announcers (completely unrelated to DotA) while not accepting submitted announcer packs like Dire Overlord (which would fit more but hey that's my opinion).i dont beleive youBut don't you have to get closer for Shivas? And I remember AS cast range being quite long.Empire and VP as orgs are cancer for the CIS scene. EleGiggle HAPPY EleGiggle THE EleGiggle MASTER EleGiggle BAITER EleGiggle Very High starts at ~3.7k, High around 3.2k, to be a bit more specific.obviouslyaw why? i'm like total opposite :P I'd suggest adding another mana item inbetween euls and refresher, like lens or the abovementioned shiva's.Thats a dumb comparison....just like the other guy comparing the interface or whatever.I love how /r/dota2 has this belief that everyone plays with people 2k mmr above them and get carried to a massive party mmr. 

Always trying to justify why you lost.This.
I remember going all in on EG vs VEGA during ESL. I bet some arcanas and VEGA still end up winning even with only 8% odds.

I did learn my lesson the hard way and stopped betting :(Mfw when the UN adds another 1 million to the Holocaust death count.No I'm not surprised about that. I'm pretty surprised that this is how he gets his attention. Just spam the same thread until it gets upvoted to the front page, delete the ones that get downvoted.

That's fucking pathetic.

People don't care about the thread, "oh I guess I'll just keep spamming /new with my shit"U didnt research properly then.Even if they win in Manila that doesn't change the fact that -until now- they are completely unproven against the current world elite.lol arrogance? lmao what about retarded tournament format by russians?EHOME and CDEC care, they maybe could've qualified if LGD was in the mix instead of Newbee.Wasn't Chuan always the one making calls? Faith was drafting but Chuan making the calls? Oh fuck, I thought you were that guy dimalaxun because of who you responded to. Disregard everything I said.Pugna + Ogre. Max Decrepify + Nether Blast. Ignite + Fireblast on Ogre = everyone is super squishy.because its fucking gayHow the fuck does Dota not being a "real" sport affect the chance of upsets?I mean are you really surprised that /u/TheZett is posting about arc bugs?Haha remmeber him sitting in fountain with 80% evasion> Why should they be forced to play unranked.

Because ranked should be competitive and fair.


> Most parties can and do play seriously when in ranked. It's only fair that they're allowed to have a number to represent that.

The number is not a fair representation of one's solo mmr, or a fair representation of their stack skill level

> Not everyone has a 5 man team constantly available. In my group of 7 friends we'll only be able to play as a 5 stack once a month or so. People have other commitments.

Then you're not serious enough about playing competitive, play unranked.

> I'm yet to see anyone wanting solo queue give any "real arguments". They just complain that they had one game where a party fed together, the "solo players also ruin games" is a perfectly valid response to that.

I think i listed reasons why stacks in ranked (and particularly party mmr, which is the main offender) are affecting the quality of games.

> That's the point of the MMR.

No it's not, party mmr is anything but fair.

> Why are you against allowing parties to play ranked in the first place? Oh for your own personal, make-believe reasons? That's not an argument.

Make believe ? Are you accusing me of lying ? If you were in front of me right know i would rip your fucking head of.

I listed enough arguments, if you had anything in that empty brain of yours you would have posted counterarguments, not pointless drivel.

Now fuck off. 

Well i meant alliases in generalThe mouse is that floating circle on the left, whose cord loops around to form the ear of a giant outline of the profile of an actual mouse (animal). The little white circle in the red is it's eye and the cutout to the right is it's open mouth.Who argued that we have a great community? Whoops. I think there was no Greek players been in past TIs and Majors, right? Hope AF could win this. It's interesting to see participants from different countries.about doom's aghs that draskyl just talked about:

i believe that the thought is like that: w

without aghs: you doom someone, you **focus him** 

with aghs: you doom someone, you forget about him. he is out of the teamfight.

also, it is a HUGE advantage to *force him* into moving in a certain way (eg making him having to run away from rosh pit)LOL are you serious, i don't know man, 4 for 1 and get banned forever is a big deal.Yes I was uninformed, thanks for the link. 

 From what I read, the problems the community has are summed up to these: 
>People trolling if they don't get their primary role.


Irrelevant to dota2.
>People getting smashed by 5 man premades when they are a bunch of solo queuers.

I don't get that. Valve prioritizes soloq vs soloq quite efficiently for the given playerbase. That wouldn't change. I don't know why riot doesn't and it has a much much bigger playerbase.

>People getting the champion they wanted banned away because their teammates wanted to troll them.

Irrelevant.

>Zero incentive for people to actually be decent at ALL roles in the game.

Irrelevant.

>Zero incentive to solo queue anymore.

Why should there be an incentive to solo queue? E-peen? It's a game. Games are best enjoyed with friends. Having the option to play alone is nice too, but I don't understand why it should be the norm.

> Now that people can premade it's much easier for people to get carried higher in the rankings than their ability level.

Boosting is a legitimate concern, but as stated before, it already is a problem both with account boosters and party mmr counting instead of solo when you queue with solo players. But nobody complains about noobs with high party and low solo, everyone complains about people who don't care about partymmr.

I believe it is an addressable problem, and being boosted for some time doesn't mean you will stay there forever, it's how it works. 

Furthermore, I believe the end game point calculation needs a soft remake. Combining solo and party mmr would make it more probable, for me that's a plus.
That's the worst. I also hate when the enemy dual high 6ks go Invoker and Faceless while your dual 6ks go veno and techies and proceed to have zero (techies) to negative (veno) game impact. I mean you might be right, but they did play against qualifier teams. They still have to prove themselves in the major.Le party stacks are le gaining up on me!He's fun to watch for like the first 10 mins when he's doing his suicide shenanigans. Watching him drag out the game for two hours with mines, not so much.wasnt sure if ESl does things like valve. thanks!i really thought its gonna be a life sized natures prophetI prefer them to most 12 year olds. Hey, no offense if you're a 12 year old reading this, I know perfectly well a lot of you are perfectly fine, I sure as hell wasn't tell people to die of cancer over a videogame when I was 12, but you know what I mean.AD FINEM broke diggity :|The cursor accuracy is fine, you're clearly over the border between the two items. The "problem" (if you even want to call it that) seems to be that an item's hitbox extends over the right of its border, instead of just halfway through the border.

Just move your cursor entirely over the item box. Can get butterfly/manta/silver edge at 3 minutes but can't move your cursor over a box smhYou'd say "Valve" or "OSfrog", but I think of cyka blyat.ESL is ESL. PGL is different but from what I've heard, they can put up a good show.- You say that whatever pendragon himself posted on the Internet is proof enough for his side of things, but at the same time, you belittle people who show you things said by other administrators of DotA, thus implying(indirectly) that anything said by people associated with DotA is not proper evidence, but anything posted by pendragon or any other person involved with riot is evidence enough.






**biased**










*I created this thread to find out what type of people I was dealing with, and sadly, I now have the answer.*










- From our perspective, it looks more like that you're simply complaining about people down voting you and you are trying to be passive aggressive. Thus creating an atmosphere where you want to be able to criticize anyone for anything, but want to block out criticism when you're on the receiving end. This, coupled with the fact that you said that people are overreacting about LOL stealing ideas from DotA; While you basically created another thread because people downvoted you(overreacting). This is a sign of hypocrisy. 














Conclusion : Your passive aggressiveness, overall tone of your sentences, you, holding forgiving sentiments for people like pendragon while at the same time, holding a negative view of people associated with this subreddit, the undertone in your replies, etc. everything combined gives a perfect picture of a person who believes himself to be superior to everyone.(Hence, my comment regarding you having a superiority complex.)











Another thing to be noted,







*to find out what type of people I was dealing with, and sadly, I now have the answer.*






I deliberately made an aggressive comment. And from your response, my initial thoughts regarding you is strengthened. You defend yourself, again and again, asking question from your opposition about why they think about you the way they do. However, you are quick to judge other people as well. You simply saw one reply from me and made a snarky remark with a dismissing undertone. But I expected that. And that's the reason I thought you had a superiority complex. That is the reason why I questioned your ability to have a fair discussion.










Am I a goody two shoes who is unbiased about anything and everything in this world? No. I'm a human being. Naturally, I'm biased on many subjects. But I do not simply deny that fact and try to showcase myself as a pure snowflake while trying to passively insult other people. I'm not saying that you did exactly that. But from your comments, most people will get the feeling that you are that type of person.










That is all.
I doubt that happened.
pubs dont matter. If we go by pub logic then Rapier is a techies item.

Nobody WHO MATTERS goes deso on slardarYou've still got Tink... wait... There's always kotol... I guess.I think it's the difference between a polished product and something that just covers the important points.

Who cares about the pre-game interface ? After we all are here to play the game and don't care if the interface is nice out of the game itself. But no, it's nice to have a finished, polished and satisfying product.

The problem here is that someone must think about making the lore consistent and worth it. That's more work than just writing a random sentence for each item/heroes. And Valve is one of the smallest company in term of number of employees/networth. They probably don't have anyone that have time to work on this...He knows something... The items lore must remain a secrethow comeNo maelstrom or agha, reported. Probably gonna be humiliated in LAN finals as usual.. Wonder if we are allowed to place bets for last place team.. hmmYou forgot the "AGES" tournament. Mineski defeated TNC too 2-1eu dota BrokeBackMore excited than winning TI4.Why even bother, they'll use Mouz logo anyway.just realized i read that as igneel the whole time, holy shitThis is some high quality song request shit right here. Shits lit as fuck. Thank you bro.Danny is streaming right now. Come watch!1) Yes. And still beating those stacks like years ago would be impossible.

2)1 word: Mursglacius. Actually really awful NA player, he constantly made stacks with the quoted ppl above, they still would hardly lose games. Murs never get any better tho. 

3)Sure. "Solo MMR is only mechanical skill". Top Kek. Im sure at 5k the mechanical skill is like as solid as it can get for normal players, and from that point on,you can only get better by a further dota knowledge that we can simplify as the "meta dota". Game sense. You are just blindly and awfully trying to convince me about how party works. And I dont really give a flying fuck about how good you can play around your friends, owning another party that probably was made for the lulz.

Let me just paraphrase dendi, when MMR was introduced. "MMR means nothing, a guy can have high MMR but then would not know how to perform on a team"- Said by a guy whos on a team that had been dying for years. Months later, we get W33, miracle-, and they were picked just because they had an incredibly high soloQ MMR.

Oh, and dendi? Cant even get 7k. lul.

4) Good for you.

Lets just say we will not agree. I retired at 6k, whenever I played stacks with friends I would recognize how little they know how to abuse the map and the enemy by this "we play as a team" mindframe.

The only moment when you really start to grow, is when you cut the cord. The only thing you learn from playing in party or staying with family, is just to bond and meld with others.

But whatever, party MMR defenders will just ignore whatever their idols like EE or arteezy say about that if you want to improve, SoloQ is the way to go.

Cya, im done.> But they work in Captains Mode. 

>>Captains Mode

>>Arc Warden

Pick one ^^^^:(Cosplay Tobi the hypecaster strikes againProblem is /r/politics threads get locked too fast and the mods remove things a lot so im stuck with smaller subs and askreddit I guessMaybe its MaybellineMy ears are still ringing.

What the fuck. Same hereI got flamed for building lifesteal and skadi on huskar like a month ago because "multiple unique attack modifiers, they don't stack noob".LoL players playing Dota for the first time, i doubt stupidity can count as an achievement or rather the guys that lost to you have to be really bad.Regardless of whether it's a big deal to you or not, it was something that was done in the past, and dropping it entirely just feels like a complete lack of effort. Especially because it's not terribly difficult. I think for many people, it's more about the principle as much as it is the actual lore.Valve can just make it a community thing and copy paste the ones they deem best. 

For example, make a reddit thread "Hey guys, we are busy doing sth else. Plz post your own flavor txt for these items. We will put the best ones in game (with credits). Kthx." 

They don't even have to do anything and the ppl who care about lore will be satisfy. But no.Dude, just because I'm not a helmet-head doesn't mean I'm not autistic. I'm high-functioning and I still find that shit tasteless.

If you want to throw around "autistic" like it's some sort of joke, go to 4chan.Can someone grab the video and upload it to youtube?

EDIT: nvm, found [this](https://twitter.com/Cyborgmatt/status/728587283482423297).^^BKB

^Nice ^BKB

*Cheering*

#NICE!> Popeye's spinach

Stop right there, Satan.Mineski made one on MineskiTV on YTI play around 99% of my games with friends. My solo MMR is almost a 1000 points below my party because I play solo so little. The biggest problem is that I'm bad at communicating EVEN with my friends in party games, but they can at least predict my movements and thought process to some point since they know me.

I roughly know what mistakes I'm making in games since I play with better players than me in parties. But the rare occasion I play solo and I see others making mistakes it's almost impossible to try and help my team win since they either don't speak the same language or they are not going to take advice from some random dude on the internet.

It's a lot easier to fall in to thinking "these guys are ruining MY GAME" in solo than in party when every one should be thinking "OUR game is going pretty bad what can we do as a team?"It's a good damage item. Plenty of ppl I play with make itPeople feed in Solo Queue as well. People coming into a Solo Queue game through the party queue system were going to feed in Solo probably as well since they get triggered easily and don't have the mental capacity to have a proper response besides, "muh feeds".

Separating Party and Solo won't really fix anything. This people will feed in party. This people will feed in solo. They are ass holes. You can't get away from ass holes and morons in this world.Aghs upgrade - revert TB back to his 6.82 version.Was sort of surprised MVP let go of him after TI. I read somewhere how he was blamed for not performing at TI.dunno how it would be in the more rural areas, but the city im in have most of the people know that mineski isnt that good/reliable so they arent much fans of them.

they'd favor navi and probably like them more due to dendi.Pay your players first, then try to tweet something thats not even funny.Or they just scrim together a lot. why are you so happy about the pick? :DWhile I agree with you to an extent, you're not helping the issue by telling him he doesn't comprehend things.Not since 6.87 =(Valve devs crossed over the line this time.Why Valve? Perhaps, because I am afraid, and their effort would give me courage.Anyone can beat anyone on any day, in any sport.   And since Dota is not a real sport, it makes the odds even greater that a lower tier team could beat a top tier team.

are these the same guys who brought us ESL Manila? that production was shaky the first day, but really good following. i appreciated the overlays they used where it would show if an ult, cheese, etc. was used beneath the hero icons.

 i cant remember a time when there wasn't a clear leader in the pro scene. Manila and TI6 will be absolute brawls./r/truedota2

go thereAre you russian?NICE LA !It kinda does, since people that want balanced and competitive/interesting games are more likely to play ranked in the first place, where there are less/smaller stacks and a better objective rating.

So if you queue normal, there's no good reason you should have a solo queue option that affects other people's queue time when you DO have the possibility to get a better balanced game by simply queuing ranked.

If solo queue only is in ranked, it won't affect anyone's queue time in unranked, and it will mostly just affect the ones that are willing to use the solo queue option. My bad, based on what you said I DID assume that self post was a derogatory term. But to be clear, the issue of immaturity is not grounded to my post earlier *How was I supposed to know? Up until last year I was studying and was out of the gaming loop for years, I come back and here we have immature,childish, and rotten behaviour.* It was based on quite a few times where I try to be reasonable and ask for the same in return, but get shoved with indecency.ayyy SEA players add me! http://steamcommunity.com/id/landylanCursor packs = p2win.This has happened to me twice in the past month. Where instead of selling the gg branch, I sold my diffusal blade. And another time instead of selling my stout shield I sold my blade mail. I was very sure that I clicked on right item. Thanks!Don't shatter yourself too much. I'm still trying to rejoin all the pieces of my [broken soul](http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/1/1c/Elder_ancestralspirit_rejoined_01.mp3).this is the dream. and its more possible now than ever. if you saw the performances in DiG vs. AF game 2 and 3, its easy to see either team making it to top 4 imo.

i think we'll see at least two make it past top 6.I get it now, thanks for the answer bro!Mmm. Smell the fresh air.I understand that it's going to be a disappointment, but people bitched about it so that they could have a more serious game mode. They didn't just want another way to show themselves off.

What Valve has done isn't really what people wanted ranked for.Unranked games are Not Balanced by nature because the Difference in skilllevel and attitude towards the game is too bigAnd the bracket. If you are below 5k its still prone to retards. But beyond that consist of people whos been playing 1 vs 9 . the people with the best mental toughnessAnyone got a VOD of the purple blackhole strat?What if we like dragging games out to 70 minutes and losing?  You're going to take that from us? I was hoping it would be TNC as they came from the open qualifiers.

then maybe they'd replicate/surpass CDEC's run.phase boots, armlet, ac, s&y, midasThis would probably be the first Major where everybody is unsure which team is gonna win. I mean Frankfurt and Shanghai were pretty much "EG and Secret" but now you really don't know for sure. Fans are gonna be hyped. Hopefully PGL will really blow our minds with the production value. I didn't say that at all. I assumed he wasn't asking about how they work in ranked specifically, because as you stated they aren't allowed in ranked. What I thought he was asking was why many people don't like playing in games with 4 stacks.i feel like people after midnight are either drunk or highI'll have what hes having.I really hope it does.Isn't it dumb to pick Enigma and QoP when 4 of 5 enemy heroes have silences and the other one is the hard carry?

P.S. And building Orchid when the carry naturally builds Manta and the mid naturally builds Euls.Just as i expected, Kaka and Chuan are the ones making call in game and decision stuff. (**loudest sound** haha)

GG WPAn Aghs without the skilling your ultimate? This actually infuriates me.hahahahaha thanks for this its the best shit evercan you copy what does it say? can't open the link either.

edit: nvm, thought it was a text post...just realized it's a video

To be fair, there are plenty of mtg cards that don't have flavor text. Mostly due to there not being enough text space, but only having flavor text on a percentage of the total cards doesn't really ruin it as a feature. > I'm.not.op.you.blind.fuck

I know. I didn't mean you exactly when I said you. It's like saying "them" instead of him or her.
ehome perform real sad at mid game against NB, the problem is old eleven hasn't get used to position 1 by now. They need more time, and the way ehome got defeated really really amplify this problem. bro, the term "caught out" literally is short for "caught out of position". That's why he disagrees. Which means the correct statement might be 'synd died a lot'I've had a BB that didn't level Bristleback...Stats are damage. That is incorrect Nice guide! Number 3 happens a little too often in my games. I see an enemy LC casually jungling on the map, I call for smoke, and three guys are busy farming lanes/neutrals/ancients. 2 mins later they gather up and it's too late. A shame, really.

Also, supports spontaneously smoking up your team while there are 0 wards on the map xDYou call the "people don't care about party mmr" a little problem? Cause there are like one hundred posts about it in this subreddit daily. i wouldn't call it little. 

What problems would it bling? Boosting? We already got that. Not greatly balanced teams? Also got that. What else? 

I'm not trying to say that it has zero problems, I'm saying that the problems it creates are solvable, unlike the ones that pure solo queue does. Furthermore, solving them would mean a general improvement on the matchmaking system, which is definitely a good thing and a step forwards.i'm pretty sure all qualified teams will finish top 12 and say valve a big fuck you.I have! He muted everyone at the start of the game and everytime he'd kill an enemy he'd spam alt click Permanent Invisibility (this was before the riki change). I think he was trying to prove a point. Sad thing, it actually worked. He didn't carried us or anything, but he did pretty well.>his relevant nameright?... depressing to watch, had to turn it offMMR is primarily about farming efficiency and decision-making, and also mechanics to a lesser degree. Contrary to common belief MMR has nothing to do with knowing that bristleback is tanky from the back or knowing how to kite ursa. Those are things you just pick up by playing the game a lot; they don't actually mean you're good.Are you a tree then?Brutal.China is also the weakest region besides NA so it would make sense for them to not have as many invites. 

Edit: my opinion is wrong, quick down vote me!!Surely he doesn't, 8k-8.6k mostly OD, that's not spamming nowadays? Even spamming heroes require skill, otherwise everyone would be 8k if it was that easy.NICE!I really hope Empire don't win the EU qualifiers.Wait you could choose not to be matched up with people not from your country? If so, we definitely need that shit here on USE.-64, im working with 1 comment every 10 minutes because karma below threshold so it's quite difficultMan, you got to step it up! Your lowest comment karma is -25. Try venturing to a more populated sub to get those -100s.The happy little tree is actually pretty good to heal in the laning phase imhoAnalysis* for "an I depth analysis"

Analyse for "I will now analyse..."

Noun and verb. 

R!OTK! lol I won't deny this is real, and a problem. However i also gaurentee most of the rage about this shit is 9k mmr redditors losing mmr because of scumbag parties. Without sound it's not even half as funny.> Nice try, Pendragon.

A joke.

This is the only "insult" I can find in your first post.

And since you don't seem to know, a self post means it's a text post, as in not a link post. A self post doesn't increase or decrease your link karma or comment karma. That is also not an insult. Surely the person who had a life WOULD be late to a comment thread?. Not the sharpest tool in the box are you?I agree. As much as I'd like to give credit to No Diggity's performance in that game, their draft was very much impossible to break into with AF's lineup. No Diggity would actually need to be the one throwing with their high ground defense rather than AF throwing with their siege. You're clearly uninformed on the matter, we're talking about dynamic queue here.

https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/412ndo/pro_players_are_mocking_dynamic_queue_system_on/You don't see many Techies pick in competitive games. He's pretty unreliable, and his mines can be easily warded. However good usage of him can result in great outcomes. He can push (back then his land mines deal tons of damage), and if the enemy is reckless they can easily be eliminated by remote mines. Not to mention Stasis Trap is also a pretty good stun late game, and Suicide Squad is basically an instant quick kill in the early game. High risk, high reward hero.The only one of those that's actually a tragedy is the sven. 
Dont forget BraxaxaxaxaxaFound them:

http://steamcommunity.com/id/ParadoxDoto/

http://steamcommunity.com/id/KendallMan

I think one of them is yarintheslayer who I remember from EEL. I wonder what the motive is.During the April fools edition of imba it triggered on basically every instance of damage I had one game that lasted an hour as enigma 

During that version eidolons split on every hit infinitely....  the game gave was a constant death push by the enemy I black hole pull the enemy team into our fountain we push they buyback.... 

I asked if I could crash the game and everyone agreed (in 10v10 with 6 dcs) 

Spawned so many eidolons health bars vanished... then I attacked BB every eidolon attack triggered quill... satisfying light show crashThe card system is alphabetic. That's why custom games which change names also mess it up.arc warden

>pro scene

you dun goofedEleGiggle MY NAME IS HAPPY EleGiggle

EleGiggle BAGUETTE LURKING IN THE NIGHT EleGiggle

EleGiggle AND NOW IT'S APPARENT EleGiggle

EleGiggle THAT SHOXIE WAS RIGHT EleGigglehm weird works for me without login.

try this: video.weibo.com/player/1034:d1fa205aaf2a4c8b79e18c5cbb11ede3/v.swf"/> Better to burn out than fade away.Ok, first things first. This is the comment I replied to:
>It's the fact that a lot of people dont care as much about their party mmr and dont try hard.

So yeah, that the "original argument".

Beyond that, I play both solo and stacked. In my experience:
>People don't want to play with parties because of friends using Skype and not communicating with the rest

not every solo player communicates (also, never seen a muted stack, only muted solos)

>people ganging up to flame the solo player

not every stack is a dick. And no, I don't accept that more stacks are dicks than solos, that's a bullshit made up statistic. People are dicks, no matter whether they are soloing or stacked. For what it's worth, I've had games when one player would rage and his friend would calm him down.

>  stacks taking all the core roles

it's pretty common that a solo players cries for mid and flames/feeds if he doesn't get it

>or people just doing whatever to laugh.

This is above all, a game, and if people want to have fun they will. And if that happens in normal it's not really that bad, unless they are griefing which still has nothing to do with stacks. Griefers gonna grief.

Your point here is that they don't care about losing party MMR because it doesn't matter to them. That is MY argument though.

>Party MMR is a party of the problem, but not the problem on its own.

Of course, the problem is people don't give a shit about other people, welcome to the world. The point is we need solutions that make things better, not solutions that create other problems. That is a step backwards.



I agree with you, also from an abuse perspective it would help queue into friends. Say I want to boost another player I can duo while he has settings applied to meet duo stacks then with language setting or dodging he can ensure he is on my team. My party is lower then my solo and his mmr gain is much easier.

Upvoted for level headiness. Found them:For leaving the team and viiolating some terms and conditions of mineski org.You know the card game Magic the Gathering has a flavor text on each card which doesn't have an already long effect text.

Nobody cares about that when playing the game, but everyone at some point reads it and get's amused by it.

Some of the texts are so hilarious that we even make fun of it by using the sentence in fitting situations.No it would fix one little problem, wouldn't fix the main problems and would bring a ton of other problems.what I hate the most is not losing, it's feeling useless and when you have a duo stack stomping the game for you will is really not fun at all, game were you can go shadow amult necro jungle and still win are the worst because you feel useless during 35 min no challenge nothing and i complain a lot about this game too FUck you bot, I never asked for this.just what i thought. that Q rapes pudgepeople assuming what I am asking and thinking, judging and insulting me,  and then assume that anything I say after is a self post = immature, childish and rotten. The most important question is when.But they work in Captains Mode. 

Don't worry we are still in beta.GOLEM GET YE GONEWhen you could instead implement something more important, yeah, why bother on this small stuff?Analyzed a total of 100 matches. (61 wins, 49 Ranked All Pick, 38 Single Draft, 11 All Pick, 1 Captains Mode, 1 1vs1 Solo Mid)  
[Hover over links to display more information.](/a "Average match duration: 43:33, average first blood time: 01:42, average towers destroyed: 14.06, average barracks destroyed: 5.47")

average | kills | deaths | assists | last hits | denies | gpm | xpm | hero damage | tower damage | hero healing | leaver count (total)
-------|-----|------|-------|---------|------|---|---|-----------|------------|------------|--------------------
**[DB](http://dotabuff.com/players/56256955 "Dotabuff: Lookup people's match history")/[YASP](http://yasp.co/players/56256955 "Yasp: Provides free replay analysis")** | 7.55 | 6.39 | 16.56 | 112.41 | 1.98 | 408.6 | 471.22 | 14394.84 | 978.9 | 440.16 | 4
**[ally team](/a "Ally team destroyed 273 tier 1 towers, 218 tier 2 towers, 174 tier 3 towers, 122 tier 4 towers, 169 ranged barracks and 161 melee barracks")** | 8.29 | 7.41 | 13.63 | 129.05 | 2.86 | 427.96 | 471.96 | 13155.5 | 1442.09 | 308.13 | 17
**[enemy team](/a "Enemy team destroyed 245 tier 1 towers, 175 tier 2 towers, 120 tier 3 towers, 79 tier 4 towers, 108 ranged barracks and 109 melee barracks")** | 7.09 | 8.64 | 12.06 | 121.68 | 2.92 | 390.93 | 436.61 | 11721.59 | 1098.38 | 340.31 | 20


[DB](http://dotabuff.com/players/56256955 "Dotabuff: Lookup people's match history")/[YASP](http://yasp.co/players/56256955 "Yasp: Provides free replay analysis") | 17x[](/hero-ogremagi "13 wins, 4 losses (76.47%)") 8x[](/hero-terrorblade "5 wins, 3 losses (62.5%)") 7x[](/hero-pugna "6 wins, 1 losses (85.71%)") 4x[](/hero-axe "3 wins, 1 losses (75.0%)") 4x[](/hero-wraithking "3 wins, 1 losses (75.0%)") 4x[](/hero-undying "4 wins, 0 losses (100.0%)") 3x[](/hero-earthshaker "0 wins, 3 losses (0.0%)") 3x[](/hero-lion "2 wins, 1 losses (66.67%)") 


---------------

[^^source](http://github.com/NNTin/Reply-Dota-2-Reddit) ^^on ^^github, [^^summon](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4cl7cl/uanalyzelast100games_now_supports_filtering_by/ "<player link> [amount:<amount of games>] [view:detailed] [heroes:<hero name>{+<hero name>}]") ^^the ^^bot, [^^deletion ^^link](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=AnalyzeLast100Games&subject=deletion&message=t1_d2v3o1h "Only works for bot summoner and /r/dota2 mods! Do not change already filled out form!")"It's a TB, how bad can it be? Hm, maybe he's not leveling Metamorpho... - **OH** **GOD**"they never actually did any real techies tony combo besides the toss attempt at the mid tier 3 from what i saw.

 The money graph was misleading thanks to the money spent by enchantress to control the mines but it doesn't hurt enchantress's fight presence.It actually is xD>"Oh i can't play with my mates anymore !" - Sure you can, play unranked.

Why should they be forced to play unranked. Most parties can and do play seriously when in ranked. It's only fair that they're allowed to have a number to represent that.

> Then go ahead and make a 5 man stack

Not everyone has a 5 man team constantly available. In my group of 7 friends we'll only be able to play as a 5 stack once a month or so. People have other commitments.

>use real ARGUMENTS

I'm yet to see anyone wanting solo queue give any "real arguments". They just complain that they had one game where a party fed together, the "solo players also ruin games" is a perfectly valid response to that.

> 10 players in a game, all solo, FAIRNESS

That's the point of the MMR. It calculates how good you play in a party so you get matched with people who play as well as you do, but solo.

Why are you against allowing parties to play ranked in the first place? Oh for your own personal, make-believe reasons? That's not an argument.personally, I prefer MyNuts over raging-_-potatoWhat lawsuit, mind giving some context? Sorry I'm not updated.Thanks.>[gg ez life](https://yasp.co/players/56256955/wordcloud)I have been. It's happened a few times in a few different modes, and one time when I tried to load back into the game it would show the splash loading screen and then crash again so I was forced to abandon.Ok bro now tell me how hugely your queue time increased since ranked random draft, that effectively split the player base into two queues (if i don't count captain's mode)?

Not even talking about the fact that it will also improve the game's quality of dual stacks and people not using the option generally, as they won't get matched with solo queuers that are tilted as soon as they see an unbalanced stack.

Thank Fuck . Techies is such cancerous piece of shit.If epicenter doesn't have amazing production value I'll have literally no hope left for tournaments. They have props that are so unbelievably sick. There is no way this can't be amazing unless they shit the bed with technical issues.you don't have to buy a gem asap, as seen in this game. 

they got their farming items and then bought a gem at like 30 minutes. the wards set back the ench a bit but she doesn't need farm to be relevant.

They also only gave two or three deaths to wild minestacks because they they had expendable units.Yeah, but many many many people were "unanimously" hated and were only later found out to be good, when they had suffered through hate and lies. And I for one prefer finding the truthThe first point is just anecdotal. I'm sure normal non toxic players DO care about the outcome of games. However, I've seen plenty of evidence of party players throwing or doing dumb things for the SOLE reason that it's their party MMR. Win or lose, a significant portion of the time the quality of the game when there are 2 stacks is lowered dramatically. Players with PARTY MMR should not be in the same games as players with SOLO MMR. It literally doesn't make any sense.

The second point is fair but I'm sure if they got rid of two stacks in solo queue theyd do something to counteract the long queue times. just upvotedWell, mineski lost 1-2 in the UB finals, won 2-1 in the LB, and ended up winning 3-0.Did Empire even see that smoke under the ward? Didn't even see anyone ping it. you disrespect the power of love, and friendshipMore like "our actuarial tables should have taken into consideration the possibility that you were a riskier individual than our information may have let on, as there is always a high degree of the unknown in this regard. This explains why even our low premium clients can be high cost individuals."any mirror , it seems Weibo requires login?Great job bro, great job.no one never fucking tps thoughvod anyone?Alright, but where is any evidence of that, doesnt ANYONE have a record of what actually happened in that community? No archives? nothing?Because he's super annoying to deal with, he's really fun to watch and he almost never get picked.I was referring to the qualifiers.Face it lol is more successful gram. It's numbers beat every other shitty game on twitch and dotards are always so fucking jealous. Cry moar babyraeg

EDIT: Oh and according to this article, Dotards 2 is just a shitty version of LoL
http://www.liquiddota.com/forum/dota-2-general/507995-league-of-the-ancients-2being cocky and having no respect is absolutely not the same. I know nothing about his hon days and know of no examples of disrespect shown in his Dota 2 days.  No Diggity must be exhausted or tilted or something, because this is a totally different team100,000,000 players. Nice!this is why u max EIs this true?ITT: "I don't personally care for lore, so there shouldn't be lore."Time to change his name to rampaging potato At this point, No Diggity is just too predictable now especially with their draftsoh no the monthly thread about crying about ranked games omg no pls don't talk about ranked matchmaking talk about memes or gtfo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11111111111111111111111Alright, but therin lies the rub, all I hear is what people have heard, and no matter times how many people say something, finding the truth is better than acceptance.Thank god for RES ignore.no...Kioshima was the problem
The Gamblersniper is actually still a pretty solid carry situationally, he just isn't as great early game as he was pre nerf.  pre nerf he was troublesome early mid and late game, now he is basically the equivalent of 6.86 spectre in that he is really deadly once he gets those core items.  a 5-6 slotted sniper at the 35-40 min mark and beyond is nothing to be trifled with.It's much cheaper on the marketplaceThey've talked about their (lack of) communication with customers here and there. [This](https://youtu.be/Fwv1G3WFSfI?t=2025) is probably the most direct they've been about it.

Basically, from what I gathered, the two main reasons are "show, don't tell" and "communication is inherently risky"

"Communication is inherently risky" has everything to do with how internet fanbases operate: They dissect every tidbit, they rarely forget, and they can be prone to mob mentality without knowing the full story. For example, people are still lamenting how features mentioned on the dota2 beta forums never ended up making it ingame. If Valve would have kept those ideas to themselves, they wouldn't have had that problem. Communication also opens them up to misinterpretations that they'd then have to correct in follow-up statements without guarantee of having cleared up everything. It's only safe for Valve to talk about current plans and upcoming features when the content is already pretty much ready to ship, in which case they do usually push out token blog post and release it.

"Show, don't tell" basically refers to talking about potential updates or releases being a waste of time in the big scheme of things. Some of the hardcore fans may appreciate that communication on principle alone, but what really matters to *all* players at the end of the day is the actual game content itself. Remember when Valve blogged in detail about the sources of widespread connectivity issues and how they were trying to solve it from multiple angles? Well neither does or did the community, they continued complaining about the issues until they were actually solved. What really counts is what's ingame. So that's what Valve prefers to channel their resources into.

To summarize, unless communication can prevent a shitstorm (like what they regretted not doing during that Diretide incident), communication usually just doesn't benefit Valve, but it is inherently risky. They prefer it if the ingame updates show that they do listen and work on improving the game. That's the feeling most people want to get from dev comments anyway.I don't know, but if they aren't like us anymore, they should hire a younger passionate game-designer, to make sure Dota won't become some cold-hearted money machine.I'm not saying it's a massive problem or anything, it's a minor problem that most people probably won't experience, but the few times it does happen it can have a large impact and it's an easy fix so I just see no reason to why you would so zealously defend it.

Also, not every situation gives you enough time to make sure it didn't happen, you could be micromanaging something else and then get jumped as you arrive at the shop, quickly reacting and dropping your branch and buying something should only be rewarded, not randomly punished because the UI box is larger than it's supposed to be, regardless if it only happens once in a thousand games.Yeah exactly, it's a coinflip. Doesn't affect your mmr in the end, but really is a huge waste of time/source of triggering when you are in a significantly imbalanced/bad quality game.You queue team games in reborn?They're together didn't know thathttp://www.dotabuff.com/matches/2339946364
pfft. Axe was a retard. > immature,childish, and rotten behaviour.

People downvoting a self post = community is immature, childish and rotten.Pistol fist move speed -1 OSFrogFair point, but so far the only people who have shown me that that is what he did is Shreuk, who presented actual evidence, not an opinion.Egg of the King, has nothing on them.panda panda panda pandaHe should've used Q instead of ulti when his mana boots were up. Then he would've killed Pudge if he hit is W too.Eh dude it's supposed to be fucking exciting these are not office workers going to their job every day to go through some menial task. Do you think soccer would be fun if people just went "Oh well, that's a job done" whenever people scored? No it didn't. It got removed when they added ranked matchmaking. Solo queue was an unranked mode.

Dont say things if you have no idea what you're talking about. It will indeed. + Int, + HP. Very good item on him. 
But Euls still better, bcos hard disable.

And unlike Shiva's, it's only a single target slow.Skip as in not level it on level 6, for that extra second of shekels or the extra damage, or plain point hoarding, doesn't mean i don't level it on 7 thoWhat are you even talking about.I fixed mine, eventually, with the standard troubleshooting at http://dev.dota2.com/showthread.php?t=189581. 

Specifically changing the launch optionsPretty much, can only imagine it happening at unpopular hours and I think the unranked "rulebook" is a little more slack when it comes to matchmakingYou buy soul ring first and max out laser and rockets? That is not how you do it. Never.You should always buy soul ring first when you are maxing out march of the machines so you can FUCK ALL THOSE CREEPS.I imagine you were only half as happy as Cayin.and yet I have done better than youOh well, we'll see Mineski get stomped and humiliated infront of their homecrowd again. GGWP 1st day losers bracket and elimination on the next day.Definitely maybe. Well, not really, 10 min is a very long time nowadays.So, what you're saying is -- if even only 1% of the players is reading the lore, it's not worth it? Even if this 1% equals to 1,000,000 people?

That's a very ignorant thing to say.I am a very sad man at the moment BibleThump no ice3x at valve's major event? Major cancelled

Newbee did amazing though, i hope they win it all just to prove  to valve that expanding the invites was a big shitty joke.Is it time to scream "Riki is back!" or is it just early-patch things when teams are throwing shit at a wall to see what sticks?https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/4i506b/could_valve_finally_enable_the_sidebar_icons_for/

Nice fucking spam. 25% upvoted.But armlet is good on literally every str safelaner what are you talking aboutdaflamingos coming with them dix outThis isn't just with China. He doesn't respect anyone it seems, he's far too cocky for someone who hasn't won a LAN. If this guy had Puppey's, Hao's or ppd's list of achievements, I think he's allowed to be cocky as fuck, doesn't make him less of an asshole, but it would at least be backed up by his actions. But Swindlez achievements are not that big.What the hell happen to TNC. mineski won but i think tnc will go deep if they've qualified tho.1. The point isn't whether Newbee played well or badly at TI5. 

A) One can't just cherry-pick whether one specific team played badly or well to justify a system.

B) They've earned it. It's more of an entitlement based process than a predictive process. 

C) There was no major system in place, and thus this discussion is not in the scope of the present system.

2. To reward big performances in bigger tourneys where everyone plays, winning those counts for something. The intervention of the calendar year is besides the point. OG has a Major title and thus are granted an invite.

3. To go by your 'Top 6' designation, why should finishing sixth at the last major be more impressive than finishing 1st at the preceding one? This is precisely what I mean by an overly short-term approach.

4. Valve have never clarified, but judging by their actual decisions, Winning a major (or even second) does look like an auto-qualify.

5. Incidentally, the fact that there are 12 invitees might have something to do with the fact that the deeper the cycle goes more teams have these accomplishments that are Auto Q in Valve's eyes.Well the tip is in the middle, not exactly sure if you'd rather make it select gg branch (which would be equally incorrect) or just make it not select anything if it is on the line.. If it's the latter, I could agree with you.b-but our superscript memes!

P.S.^^^^I'm.not.op.you.blind.fuckI think there should be some king of confirmation popup for items that cost more than 3000 gold. 

you're right this should be fixed, 
but... "x"a whole nother level of dota. then right after that, TI fucking 6 mate. you think the major is going to be good? this could very well be the fiercest TI yet. HYPE[Yup](http://imgur.com/wPExS5w)Honestly I'd be willing to pay for something more along the lines of region lock. 

I've played maybe 10 games over the past month because I keep getting matched up with Peruvians. It's incredibly annoying and really makes me hate the fact that this game is free to play. I don't know what happened but it's never been this bad.That didn't answer his question at all. 4 stacks already can't play ranked; are you saying that they shouldn't be allowed to play the game at all?GPM literally means gold per minute. It contributes to your net worth, but that's the extent of its correlation. That takes agesHas anyone experimented with Diffusal blade on nyx?

I've done some number crunching as well as tested in multiple games - have had success when on offensive. 
My build has been PMS --> soul ring --> boots --> mana boots 
Then pick up Robe, Dagger, Dagger --> Diffusal

Benefits of Diffusal: 
#1 - Purge/Slow enemy, prevents escapes of enemy in team fights, makes solo ganking very easy
#2 - Manabreak: -40 mana per hit. Goal here is to quickly starve your opponent of mana, so they basically become a mega creep. 
#3 - +25 DMG / +25 AS from agility alone, combined with +40 DMG from manabreak (as long as opponent has mana). You are looking at a +65 DMG increase (before reductions) for mere 3150 gold. Effectively nyx becomes a right clicker vs. heroes. 
#4 - +10 Int is never useless for Nyx.
#5 - Build-up is relatively easy, buy Robe , then 1st Dagger. Before buying 2nd Dagger, see if game is on offensive track for your team and it's worth buying. If not, preapre your defenses and buy Staff instead, thus you're 1/2 done with Aghs. 

Remember, you are not necessarily building a "carry" or right-clicker nyx. Instead, you're adding tremendous utility to yourself, your team, and become a right click threat. 


Two examples I'll give from my most reason games:

1. Team fight in jungle, enemy had all the popular melee heroes such as Axe and Sven, etc. Sven was drained of mana in moments, then forced to drag his feet thanks to 2 diffusal charges, rendering him out of the fight. Axe was crippled, and after team dying off, despite blinking away, one diffusal charge was enough to slow axe down and kill him. 

2. Enemy void was very farmed for mid game, would only appear in team battles with chrono up, could not stop him. Teammates could not get close to him in jungle, he was cautious. I went in solo, literally burned him down in few seconds thanks to diffusal. How? Start with Vendetta, stun, mana burn, get those auto attacks, he thinks he can kill me (much more farmed), gets spiked, more auto, mana burn again, he is oom, uses his last drop of mana to run, diffusal, keep smacking, spike is back up, finish him off. Thus a shocked & dead void. 

This was a long comment, please share your thoughts? dont argue with stupid people... you will lose every time..Has "memes" in username ..tries to call something autistic LULIsn't LiveCap already using Youtube?I agree to stay 20 minutes in queue. I JUST LOST A GAME CAUSE A FUCKING PARTY. Because it would be impossible for Valve to log this kind of thing and let a script run through the logs.Just bring an option with "queue with parties" and "solo queue only" 

The option would barely make queue times longer and then valve can combine 2 stacks with 3 stacks for fair and balanced gamesWhile we are at it, why do the "aliases" not always work when trying to select a Hero in the Pick screen?

I can select "Zet" in the main menu, but not in the actual [AllPick screen](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/14112558/Stuff19/20160506153314_1.jpg).TNC was not not in their play its because Benhur already understood who and how tehee is in dota, while samH was outplayed by Bokerino all the time in lane. Tehee and samH are the play maker of TNC
What kind of stupid idiot scheduled this matches? Why haven't AF and ND played yesterday? If ND wins Empire, they have to play two Bo3 and one Bo5 on one day. That is just stupid.-*However, the previous discussion you tried to stir up was heavily biased.*-

If it was biased, please show me how.

*You literally said something along the lines of : 'Yeah, they stole all ides from the DotA community and then tried to silence them completely. But that's all good. It's totally fine. I simply don't get why you would hate someone who'd do that. Happens all ththe fucking time. It's just a game bro. It's just life.'*

I presented what I had found based on actual evidence such as letters from pendragon, and reports from various reliable sites like Wiki.All the rest was mainly opinionated and unreliable.

*I can do the same fucking thing. I can go out and kill a few people and when I'm brought to court, I can simply say : 'Hey! People die all the fucking time. It's no biggie. Just quit whining about it'
In that instance, would the judge actually let me free?*

Not once did I say he was right, I said I didnt see what you had against him, calling me a person who thinks murder and killing doesnt help your case.

*And after that, you basically created another thread to bitch about the fact that some people disagreed with you. You wanted a discussion, but when people disagreed, you simply ignored them and called them close minded because they had a different opinion than yours. Then, after bitching about how stealing ideas and making money out of those ideas is no biggie and that people should stop overreacting, you created another fucking thread, bitching about why people disagreed with you and downvoted.*

If you look at my replies, I replied as best I could to the first few, but without just agreeing, I also asked questions and presented my thoughts. I didnt ignore then. Also I created this thread to find out what type of people I was dealing with, and sadly, I now have the answer.

*Are you just that much fucking blind that you cannot see just how hypocritical and biased you are? Can you not fucking see how hilarious this whole thing is? Can you not see the fucking irony?*

If I was biased, please who me. And what you show me I will try and explain my reasoning.

*From your previous actions, it's clear that you probably suffer from some sort of superiority complex or some shit. If you want others to be open minded, why are you yourself so biased? Check your own fucking shit before calling out other people.*

As before, how was I biased and closed minded? And what about what I said was a superiority complex?

i didn't see any hand grenade or toss to mines plays besides the one toss to the tier 3 trying to defend mid rracks.

 They never really did what their draft was trying to do.No, that wasn't the "original argument". People don't want to play with parties because of friends using Skype and not communicating with the rest, people ganging up to flame the solo player, stacks taking all the core roles, or people just doing whatever to laugh.

Party MMR is a party of the problem, but not the problem on its own. These affect unranked games too, its just worse when they are in ranked games.Nope, I'm just backing out because  I can see that you don't know what a debate is. You must use arguments and fact. Apparently, everything which is not english is rejected for whatever reason.

The link you gave me has the following description :
Did you know that every year, more American men are raped than women?

This is so absurd... 
https://rainn.org/get-information/statistics/sexual-assault-victims

Plus you give me a scientific article that is totally off topic to show me what's a study (I'm doing a PhD so thanks but I know that however, since you are obviously some scholar on the topic you probably alrdy know sci-hub was put down recently) and then you link a youtube video that pull numbers out of nothing ? With a girl showing selfies ? Haha nice one.

edit : watching your video and having a laugh :D The first argument like : "why don't feminist also look at the advantages of being a women ?" srsly ? You'll say that the black people who fought against discrimination were not a movement for equality but suprematy because they did not look at the advantages of being black ?? Come on...

Then comes the total bullshit : more men raped than women. Cool she gives her source and I went to look at this source and I find : According to the National Violence Against Women Survey, 1 in 6 U.S. women and 1 in 33 U.S. men has experienced an attempted or completed rape in her or his lifetime.

Ok so this girl apparently can't read a study or is simply lying by making up facts.


edit2 : feminazies cannot use their secret weapon against a gay man: the "you are sexist" gun.
What ? First of all calling feminists feminazies totally discredit you. Apparenting the feminist movements with the nazis that performed one of the worst genocide in history is bullshit...  Second : why a gay man can't be sexist ? Anyone can be sexist : man, woman, gay, trans, whatever... I don't see how your sexuality or gender defines your ideology.

Yeah it's totally not a feeders fault a game was ruined...

What a retarded, delusional fucking comment. Na'vi. No doubt about it. Pinoys are super crazy about Dendi, you have no idea.Well, nearly everyone has been calling us "Czechia" since... well, forever. So it is not really so big of a change. As of now, I think it's yet to be confirmed in some EU organs. Sorry, I didn't really watch it all that closely.the manila majors is gonna be so fucking hypeCool stuff. Good job.> anything other than 5man stacks shouldn't really be able to play ranked

That's stupid. Just because it doesn't affect you, you don't care about it? Plenty of people only play dota with their friends. They should be able to increase their MMR and see their progress like everyone else.Well he's trapped in the Speedforce, he probably can see the past and futureI wish I could get as excited about anything as Tobi does about Techieswhat makes you think that? 

it's not like Chinese Dota during shanghai deserved any respect. they were the ones showing no respect for the game. what time of the day do you always play? I'm looking for suitable time to play on to avoid the SEA toxicYep. I can't even count the number of times that as a 3 stack, we get matched with a 2 stack at 4k average, and the highest mmr on the team is 5.2k from one of the random 2 stack, and the other one of the 2 stack instalocks invoker or storm spirit or something and just proceeds to EAT ASS at mid. As a peenoise, I'm sorry you had to deal with that. A lot of us are just retarded.Well it is...I played him not long ago when he was 5.6k. And no, it wouldn't be as trivial. He said something along these lines on his FB page as well.

I respect him as a player, and I think he's very skilled - just not a very good pubstomper. Pub != real games.not a single international game in 2 and half months...no direct invite
yeah most important for this series for sure, but in the end they rather would win the overall final of the qualifier, than this game ;)

if they get there, they hopefully learned from their misplays//mistakes by thencmon guys. its valve. they do what they want to dothat might be it but that was after the game...don't remember exactlyHe probably think curry is better than lebron as wellbut 'Team Secret' in title gives more clicks. Jokes aside, mistakes were made.raging-_-potato on MyNutsTNC = Team neverending chokers KappaI wonder where lore zealots are. I remember back when people discussing the importance of lore, this kind of people defend till death about lore in Dota 2.You haven't even said anything in this thread.Since ET initiates from a range, wouldn't Atos work too?Dont come rather. Give it to teams like
 Ad finem or Empire if showing so much arragonaceNot always but often, yes. As a full-time sea player I can surely say that the people are toxic only if you THINK they are. Treat them kind from the beginning and things usually go well.> MoBas

NotLikeThisGOAT dota name for me. The puns are what makes the name great.> the fact party players don't care about the game as much

That's not true for most players. Many of my friends care about party more than solo and all of them at least care equally.

>There's no reason there shouldn't be a true solo queue.

Also not true. It can already take upwards of 20 minutes just to find a ranked match as a 2 or 3 person party in off peak times. Diluting the pool even further would make it impossible to play party ranked in some regions.Exception confirms the rule. Name 20 then.my flair used to be lycan but I changed it to od after 6.87 to remember himMmr discrepancy is as objective as it gets, and it objectively affects the quality of the game, Valve is aware of it, as their matchmaking post clearly states that a good quality game features players with about the same mmr.

There also are some subjective components, like the fact that people generally definitely care more about their solo mmr than party mmr, or that they won't care about playing with their team as much because they're having fun with their friend and don't really care about what the rest of the team is doing, but just because these things are subjective and harder to quantify, they aren't less real.

There have been a lot of (more or less legit) surveys about how much people care about their solo mmr compared to their party mmr that objectively show that people don't care about party mmr nearly as much, and a huge majority of player is aware that party mmr is not a good performance indicator and would laugh at something like a party mmr leaderboard, because it simply would be meaningless.
Meaningful mmr > Meaningless mmr, as simple as that.

If you and people saying that people want solo queue because they think it will increase mmr looked at the facts instead of projecting stupid imaginary arguments like that, then the discussion could be about the real solutions.

There's no doubt solo queue has a purpose and is greatly requested by players, not only players that think it makes them lose, but by players that simply want better quality games, and i'm one of them, question is how to implement it without it affects others' quality of life while playing.High risk, high reward I suppose.Man and I thought we had the worst graduation song.The Og hate in this sub is real..Great job, for once it's me not looking like an idiotHe was on EG that game against secret, not on secretNot only did Kuku lose the finals from Mineski but now he has to face a lawsuit from them. Mineski really loves to enslave and monopolize the e-sports scene in PH.1. Is that a problem?

2. ^Why ^do ^this ^stupid ^bullshit ^in ^the ^first ^place? It's not funny. You are not clever.Buying a Butterfly on Drow cost you the game?10\10 would bang That's some sort of logicial fallacy you're using.''Some believe it is only great hats that keep the player base in check. But that is not what i have found. I have found the small everyday deeds or ordinary pubs that keep the riot games at bay. Small acts of lore and love.''

-GandalfNo it ISN'T. This is the third time I've had to explain this. GPM is gold EARNED. It does not, unlike networth, account for losses. Imagine Mineski vs Navi. Which team will the pinoys support? 

That being said congrats to Mineski, they played well so let's hope they don't choke in their own turfI am curious to find the origin of the term douche canoe...I first heard it on a sports message board a couple years ago, but never really heard it outside of that. Is it a pretty common term in a certain region?The thing is that it won't affect you, it will probably affect people playing in parties, so it's like saying 'I accept to make them wait longer'. 

Having said this I still think there should not be parties in ranked games allowed unless there is a party queuefor when you want to stand under the enemy tower as they hopelessly watch the shots bounce off you while you wave your double middle finger at them.you really misunderstood the purpose of the comment.

PS: dont be a fanboy. It makes you look like a tool. Arteezy doesnt spam heroes just to climb MMR.muh skill capThat's a pretty high GPM you've gotMost of my friends only care about party and disregard solo. Never once have I seen these people who goof around because "it's just party MMR lol". The amount of solo players who just start feeding from the start of the game because they don't like the picks is well above that.*All Muted*

Crademaster has been silenced!>Answer the 3rd message in a comment thread

>Tell people to get a life

Pick one.They also showed off these [Towers](https://i.imgur.com/yNhYwV7.jpg) they made last week.

I must admit these teasers are starting to work, I can't wait to see the final product.Can you actually circle or trace the mouse in the logo? All I see is a genie lamp of sorts.Really hard to believe. TNC can always revert back to the roster that they locked-in for the majors. They won't throw this away just for the sake of 1 guy. They didn't play at Starladder i-League because they weren't in first in the first 3 h-cups (right now theyre in 1st place, they won the last 2 h-cups), and they weren't at ESL manila because they weren't in the qualifiers. You'll see them at epicenter in 3days, they won the chinese qualifiers there.this is totally subjective. No wonder you'd say that with od flair xd (jk m8)ahahahI feel the need to reply because this issue isn't just black and white.  Firstly, being rich and famous doesn't make you a "winner" per say.  Some say fame isn't all that is cut out to be... it can be quite a miserable life... and hence she turned to drugs.

Secondly, it strongly depends on the drugs that you do.  Smoking weed is harmless... no matter how much you do it, its not gonna fuck up your life... so can still smoke weed and be a "winner".  Heroin and cocaine on the other hand.... well, let's just say you won't be a winner for very long if you do those drugs.

Thirdly, each and every person's own definition of being a "winner" is completely different.  I consider people who "win" at sports, having successful corporate careers, and making a difference in the world without resorting to narcotics (performance enhancers included) winners.  A cyclist who does not do drugs but comes in second place as opposed to one who does is still a winner in my book... though in your eyes it may not be.

TLDR: The phrase winners dont' do drugs is subjective.  It's not bullshit.

Edit: cyclist sentence altered to be more clear.Why don't we have mules? Terran so weak without vision on scan and no mules My bad. FASAt this point they should just remove Techies.cause otherwise he has to use multiple '\^' characters every time he uses a 'space' characterIts sentiment is bullshit. The idea that stacks dont try as hard as solo players generally is just sonething solo players have constructed to blame thier losses on. I see party stacks fail miserably but not because they are not trying, because they are badIt has one meaning in this context. The joke is referring to the absurd number of posts pertaining to solo vs group Mmr. Op said biweekly to mean twice a week, one post twice a week wouldn't be that absurd would it? So no, if you read what was written op clearly meant twice a week. Everyone else seemed to understand that but you matey. maybe you can still do shit with a glimmer. glimmer > blink > stomp. post 2kmmr they might buy detection thowhat items did life had ? Just amazing. Thats not a lot of alotu have no idea.She even bought brown boots and tp scrolls for maximum feeding efficiency. That's dedication right there.ohhh you want to see how much you can get downvoted, how low is your karma right now?The worst is when the low mmr player picks mid or carry, it just makes the game so hard to win. I had a 2.6kmmr player run SF mid who died 4 times in 10 minutes and flamed constantly. If I wasnt in his lane and he died it was my fault, if I stood in his lane to help him I got flamed for leeching exp. Ended up with -24mmr and doublee my recomended daily salt intake.So you're aware that there is no proof whatsoever, and still you start a witch hunt? You must be a great guyIf you calibrate at 2k MMR then you are a 2k MMR player and are simply playing with other people of the same skill level as you. If you don't want to play with 4-stacks then play ranked. The perfectly valid solution is already out there and this is no one's problem but your own.Xculiber?proof?You don't *agree* that he got caught late game? I mean, that is objectively what happened. It wasn't his fault. He wasn't out of position. But he did get caught.yeah in 1k mmr bracket its shit right?but he wasn't moving at all, even before all this started. He was just sitting on a empty lane doing nothing. He was not farming, he was not pushing, he was just waiting there. Also you can move while being hexed.I had a PA in my team the other day going for dominator into desolater
It was stupid as fuck and lost me the game.Second best SEA team? They just lost to Mineski lol. And, just to say it again, they changed rosters after the lock deadline preventing them to get any invites, even to the regional qualifiers. Sounds like you just like to complain just to complain. It's good for early stats either way lolWell it's the same as having another game mode then, look random draft and all pick, people were saying the same shit, but if you tick both all pick and random draft, queue time is the same as it was before with just all pick.You haven't met hunkyy before have youUses Skyrim as an example of good lore topkek.I would be really happy if AF made it, those guys have been so close to becoming a mainstream team for a long while now.If he had Aghs it would really help with their highground defense. Provided he stayed alive for the defense. He didn't. No Diggity won anyway. :'/> Additionally, having being involved in boosting/exploiting/match fixing seems pretty common for many contemporary CIS players so >Relax, you're doing fine

Why is 'Relax, you're doing fine' the conclusion, rather than 'get mad and reject them from the community' ?